[Music]
we are back on the podcast today with
Matthew Cox how you doing you're well
known for making over twelve million
dollars through mortgage fraud were
sentenced to 26 years in prison and now
you're a true crime author right
so that's that nail it pretty well yeah
that's pretty good
okay you also have the Oh an entire
episode done about you on American greed
is that the name of the show yes
American greed on CNBC yeah there was a
there was one on Dateline 2 but yeah
it's it's nowhere you got to be pretty
well-known to be an American greed I
mean you had to have done a pretty big
time crime to be on that show yeah well
12 million is miss big right yeah number
number 12 million is is a big number
what's is that the most amount of money
that you made over the that you acquired
over that period of time kind of the
federal like it's you know it's
difficult to determine exactly what the
number is because the government kept
shifting the number but it's basically
the FBI at one point had said that the
mortgage company I owned had done like
40 million in mortgage fraud but keep in
mind too that that's it's misleading
because if you have a hundred thousand
dollar loan 100 thousand dollar loan on
a piece of property that you bought for
a hundred and ten thousand dollars
there's no real dollar loss so they're
counting that as a hundred thousand
dollars and fraud well I didn't get any
of that so the mortgage company they're
saying they were saying at one point
they were threatening that they were in
charge me forty million and mortgage
fraud on the for the the mortgage
company that I owned and then and
there's multiple frauds so it really the
numbers really that I'd always kind of
heard was 15 million but 11 and a half
12 has I've heard 26 somebody was thrown
around 26 you know so but 12 is 12 good
12 I didn't see 12
yeah so you know it's misleading so what
what was your plan with all of this in
the beginning what what inspired all of
this and what what was what what how do
you get into that because you're
probably doing what was your life
running it business first or is it like
Batman the Joker do I look like I have a
plan yeah dog chasing chasing a car if I
caught it I wouldn't know what to do
with it yeah no i mean my I had no plan
I I opened a mortgage company I was a
mortgage broker I was basically I got a
degree in fine arts were you a legit
mortgage broker at any point man I mean
initially I went into it I got my
license I was going to be a mortgage
broker I started being a mortgage broker
I had full intentions of being a
legitimate mortgage broker my very first
loan mm-hmm I go into my managers office
we lay the file down she goes through it
and she pulls out one piece of paper and
sticks it to the side I'm not I don't
really necessarily even know what fraud
is I mean how he would go about
committing fraud I'm just trying to
close loans she doesn't she goes okay
it's perfect she and I go what she was
well she was you didn't even look at
this did you don't know she's this is a
verification I'm more of rent there vor
right and I went okay she is this girl
was 30 days late about 11 months ago on
her rent and I want notice that she goes
yeah and I oh my god so I'm thinking
right now based on an underwriting
guidelines she doesn't get alone and and
she goes so she pulls out some wite-out
undoes it and she goes just go ahead and
get rid of it make a copy of it and
we'll put it back in the file you'll be
fine guys no yeah and I went I said well
that that's that's that's fraud right
and I go that that's fraud and she goes
keep in mind keep in mind like Ford
Motor Car is looking for my truck my
credit cards had been shut off
I mean I'm behind on my mortgage I mean
I'm in desperate straits so you know she
said look worse that's gonna happen
underwriter underwriting catches it she
was and maybe you get fired maybe they
just don't close alone she said you're
nobody's going to jail and I went you
know she said do what you want to do
she's nobody looking for my car
and so I you know so I grabbed it and I
whited it out I made a copy stuck it in
sweated bullets for about five days five
days later boom the loans ready to close
I go down there the girl signs the
paperwork I get a check for 3500 ollars
yeah I mean I'm ecstatic yeah I mean
3500 bucks I'm like 29 years old that
was a ton of money that got me back on
my feet and I stood next thing you know
I'm closing for loans the next month I'm
closing six loans the next month the
next month it's eight then it's ten and
it's 12
they make me a manager of the brand in
office and then that mortgage company
got shut down it may be six months and
keep in mind to at that point when I
kind of realize what's going on it it
you know it got to the point where you
walked in and it's like all the numbers
work but you only made 45 thousand last
year but if you made fifty five I could
get you alone so I mean so you just put
fifty five to change the change the w-2
I have a degree in fine arts I change
thank you to I send it in I pray that
they are not gonna ask any specifics
when they call to verify the employment
keep in mind the verification of
employment comes to me mmm I changed
that to say 45 or to say 55 just like
the w2 it closes and boom the closes
there's a check for three thousand four
thousand dollars at that point it just
seems too easy to write like nobody's in
that industry right so many people were
doing it that was that was pre financial
crisis so that's back in this is back in
like nine 1999 2000 so I'm like 29 years
old and and by the time I opened up my
own mortgage company if you basically if
you walk through the door with a pulse
I'm getting you alone yeah you got a
house I want that you don't have your
down payment
I got it will take care of that you know
I you know you you you you wash cars
you've never claimed claim taxes it's
not a big deal it's not a big deal don't
worry if I got let's land this loan yeah
I pull your credit it's questionable I
can get you in a house you got you I
mean you know just
in there and you know maybe they make a
few payments maybe they make all the
payments right so that's the problem is
that that's abhorred that right there if
that's a $200,000 loan well that's
$200,000 in fraud I only got a broker
fee at that point right but what
happened was very quickly I ended up
with a staff underneath me that were
just guys doing that so we're all
rehabbing houses were buying houses
anymore City Tampa Heights were fixing
up houses
we're selling those houses we're getting
our own people loans and we're
committing you know a massive amount of
mortgage fraud I mean it's on one point
I probably had 14 guys working for me
you know he's always in between like 8
to 14 and there was really only like
half a dozen of them there were any any
good anyway right you know and what's
funny about is like most of the guys
that worked for me all still work in
real estate like they're all around
really oh yeah so so I'll see somebody I
remember I saw somebody who was on my my
indictment this is when I was in a
halfway house a girl that was the best
broker I'd ever had she was amazing
and I saw her I was in the halfway house
I was on my way to work pull in two
behind her and Dunkin Donuts and she
looked right at me she looked right in
the mirror she goes she does this
Kim mind she's thinking this guy is
getting out of prison in 2030 so I'm not
supposed to be out of prison so she does
this doesn't want I can see her she's
got the mirror right here and she goes
like this and this you're like she's
hiding from me I'm still staring right
at you so I'm looking at her like you
know and I kinda I do this to her and
she goes and I mean it's just she never
she didn't I thought she's gonna get out
of cars she's gonna say hey what's up
how are you nothing of course she also
is like the manager of a bank and you
certainly don't want to be associated
with a bank
hell no and you're you're also listed on
an indictment that you just were never
prosecuted for oh shit right so you know
I've got all these people that are
around that are like
hey man what's going on how's it going
and what's going on and they all want to
hang out and talk but only to varying
degrees yeah so well I own that mortgage
company right like I said I own the
mortgage company and at some point one
of my mortgage brokers left and opened
her own place she and her husband and
she she was doing what's called a she
got involved in what's called a straw
man scam which is where let's say I get
Danny to buy a house from me for um the
Zygon buy a house for five hundred
thousand I put a hundred thousand in it
fix it up
I get Danny to buy the house from me for
a million dollars so we'd there's four
hundred thousand I give Danny two
hundred thousand I take two hundred
thousand Danny just rent it out and make
the payments but Danny can't make the
payment so you can't make the payments
on that house because it won't support a
renter at that amount maybe he makes a
couple of payments well what happened
was she worked with a group of investors
that bought multiple properties four or
five properties they pulled out like
half a million a million dollars - a
million dollars she made 40 or 50
thousand and ridiculous broker fees and
the loans all went under well when the
loans went under these guys weren't even
making the first payment that's called a
first payment default what happens is
the lenders start investigating as soon
as they investigate they realize right
away it's fraud because she's making
w-2s pay stubs she's creating documents
so it doesn't take much to uncover that
room they uncover it they track it back
to her the FBI shows up
they say they talk to these guys these
guys cooperate everybody cooperating she
cooperates I know the whole things
happening but I'm not that concerned
because we're friends well what had
happened was I had have run several of
my loans through her because I couldn't
loan run the loans through my own
company because I owned the company it's
it's a not an arm's length transaction
and so anyway those loans were rental
properties and stuff no payments no
nothing no payments had been missed or
anything but it was not an arm's length
transaction and the FBI came in and she
wore wire on me she and her husband wore
wire
and they said hey look the FBI's asking
questions about you and I went oh my god
you didn't tell him this did you you
didn't tell him this so I start saying I
just bury myself not realizing she's
wearing white I halfway through the
conversation I realized it and I said oh
man this is that's fucked up I got up
and I left FBI contacts me I end up
hiring an attorney I gave him I 75
thousand dollars to plead me out so he
pleads me out for 75 grand so he pleads
me out I accept a plea deal well there
was no dollar loss so if there's no
dollar loss you don't have a record
you're not gonna go to jail there was no
there was no even potential dollar loss
which means it could a while you didn't
lose the money but you could have there
was no potential so I get three years
paper but I can't I don't know I can't
own the mortgage company anymore mm-hmm
that's an issue yeah because that's how
I made made my money I was married I
just gotten a divorce my child supports
a couple thousand dollars I gave her
whatever I was like in in with
everything combined it was like a
hundred thousand dollars so I'm just
wiped out so I've got I'm starting over
from scratch with no real way to make
any money and at that by that point I'd
figured out how to make fake people does
that make sense
like identities well yeah there's
synthetic identities yeah for example
what what I said I was I figured I want
to start buying houses in Ybor City fix
them up and sell them the problem with
Ybor City and Tampa Heights area is that
the dollar amounts so low you're dealing
with lower middle class people and they
tend to switch jobs they have bad credit
you know they they don't have disposable
income so they tend to have bad credit
so the issue is I bought a house I fixed
it up I go to sell the house two or
three the borrowers that want to buy the
house can't even qualify so I'm either
committing fraud to try and get them to
qualify or it's an issue right yeah so I
realized right away even if you commit
fraud you'd be shocked how many people
like everything's good you've committed
fraud to just a massage the loan just to
give too close and the people would
still sabotage it they quit their job
three days beforehand so the lender
calls and the one thing you did have was
a job the lender now calls and you don't
have a job anymore so it's like your
credits jacked up you don't have a down
payment
you have no job you you know it you have
no rental history I mean this is just
bad all the way around I mean you're
you're basically I don't even know why
I'm dealing with you at all right and
that's kind of what it got it came to
the point where I realize I don't really
need these guys if I could figure out
how to just create fake borrowers then
I'd be in a better situation and so
that's what happened was I had had a
woman come in earlier like a year
earlier and she'd come in and she had
perfect credit and but when I got her
w2's the social security number didn't
match her w-2s and the name was slightly
different and what she told me she'd
done was she'd she'd gotten divorced and
her husband is suckered with a bunch of
bills and she needed to get her electric
turned on so she said she was using her
maiden it she said switched back to her
maiden name and she used her son heard
like two-year-old son Social Security
number and went in to get her the
electric turn-on she said this is my
name this is my Sosh this is the address
so they don't have the old address you
didn't to use the old address she did
she had a new so she had a different
name so it was so different it created a
new credit profile mm-hmm and so she
explained it to me and I went I don't
understand you've got you got like 700
credit score so you've got a a car loan
she was yeah I said using your son
social security shoes yeah about two
years ago and I went you've got you got
a Dillard's card she's using my son so
secure number I said you've got this and
she is yeah she said so what are we
gonna do about the w-2s and I want to
switch him I put the new social on there
right and bam she got like a hundred
percent financing she bought like
$150,000 house and it was perfect and
everybody's happy well I mean I was
happy I clearly was fraud right right
everyone's happy except the feds yeah
but so what happened was I had realized
that that was something and what happens
is ultimately I end up figuring out how
to get Social Security to issue Social
Security numbers for kids that don't
exist I I started making fake birth
certificates
or kids that are like 10 months old if
you say that your your the child is
let's say over 12 months you have to
show up with the baby I don't have a
baby to show up right so that's not
gonna work right so I said okay well 10
month old and I have a degree in fine
arts so coming up with the actual birth
certificate was pretty easy yeah I
played with it I ordered the security
dot secured how did you create it yeah
how do you make it back then um you're
not just typing you're not photogenic
nowadays no well there was Photoshop but
I didn't use Photoshop what I well I
mean what I did was I'd gotten a one
from South Carolina uh-huh in the name
of no guy and I ordered the security
paper you know where you copied and says
void if we differ
all right avoid if copied so I ordered
the security paper and then I'm just
made a template that I would run the
security paper through a copy machine
and it would lay out the template and I
just typed out in word exactly what it
was supposed to say okay so now I just
print down printing on it
hmm so I've got these papers these birth
certificates with templates and I'm
printing new information on them and I
would get a I got a what do you call the
the seal what you know you can't you
can't go in and say I need a seal for so
stamp it you guys okay yeah but the
problem is is you can't do that like I
can't go in and say hey I need one for
this for Hillsborough County vital yeah
they will do that so what you do instead
is I said I need one for you know
Hillsborough County vital rec or vital
what I said no virtual records office or
something which is kind of close and
then I took sandpaper and sanded it down
a little bit because they look worn
after a while anyway and then I use that
and of course they don't check them
Solly they're holding them up Phil yeah
they don't look they just look to see
they're a bit like that and they go okay
thank you and you need a shot record so
I had to make a shot record for a ten
month old baby so I made when a shot
record so then I just went into social
security number social security sorry
and I said hey my name's Joe so-and-so I
gave him a driver's license license they
they looked at the little more
complicated
anyway they they look at the documents
they check they go you're right he did
your son doesn't have a social security
number on ya know they go okay well
we'll go ahead and order one they'd ask
why
they say was was he born in a hospital I
go no no he's born with a midwife mm-hmm
I remember the first like the first one
I did was for anyway anyway I ended up
it's irrelevant point is is that I did
it they ordered the thing ten days later
BAM I get a Social Security card right
and I started ordering these first it
was in real people's names and then I
started using the names like I used a li
black the name Lea black
do you ever see Reservoir Dogs yeah yeah
okay
I usually black I used Brandon green
James red william blue oh man david
silva so so i then turn around and I
went and I started buying houses in Ybor
so I paid I made that I would get
everybody secured credit cards so
everybody gets three secured credit
cards I barely put anything on them and
I make this minimum payments so you've
got a 300 credit card a 200 credit card
a 500 credit card and they have very
little money 20 30 40 bucks on each one
mm-hmm well in six months credit bureaus
generate credit scores so now you've got
these guys come out of gate seven ten
700 credit schools so you got a 720
credit score well the minimum credit
score back then to get a 95% loan was
620 so they've got 700 and they've got
they've got employment for two or three
years because I'm making the w-2s and
pay stubs yeah and so they've got
canceled checks cuz I was able to figure
out how to make it look like a canceled
check so I'd make 24 months canceled
checks so I'm sending perfect packages
in yeah so what I did was I turn around
and I went I bought sort of buying
houses in Ybor City I would buy a house
for $40,000 and I'd buy and I in the
name of let's say Alan Duncan or Brandon
Green so I buy it for 40,000 and that's
somebody who created a completely
figuring this person so I then turn
around assistant that they call him now
they call him since like back then I
just it was just a phantom borrower okay
but now they call him synthetic
identities okay so I turn around I would
go to public records I was dating a girl
at a title company and she explained to
me that if you paid the
Oh doc stamps document stamps on a the
sale then the sale shows up higher so I
bought it for 40,000 but if I pay an
extra seven to nine hundred dollars
it'll show up for a hundred and sixty
you have to do the math but one hundred
and sixty thousand one hundred forty
thousand dollar sale so the house I just
bought for forty thousand now looks like
I bought it for 116 or 200 or 190
whatever I want I based it off square
footage I started saying okay you know
one hundred and ten hundred twenty
dollars a square foot in Ybor City yeah
so I'm buying houses that are 1,400
square feet they're appraised that I'm
recording the valley I'm buying for
forty recording the value of the sale at
190 180 but I bought one in the name
Brandon green one in the name James red
yeah so I've got one here one here one
here so I start buying them all over
what happens is when you send out the
appraiser the appraiser goes in and says
man what a piece of garbage house this
is I cleaned it up a little bit alright
but he be like this is a rough area and
I'd say yeah you bought it for 190 yeah
yeah this whole areas going up yeah
there you go well you know there's
comparables everywhere though you know
that house over there sulfur 190 know
that one over there sold for 200 oh yeah
you own them all the neighborhood's
going up right down the addresses for me
he's like yeah check that out comes back
because I can't believe it I got you an
appraisal for a hundred and ninety
thousand dollars that's crazy
thank you so much well then I take that
I send it into the lender the lender
says yeah well I mean there's documents
that have to support it of course so I
have supporting documents because of
course I'm making those documents yeah
and if they would need it to be verified
well I'll come up with a cell phone or
I'll come up with a landline or a
website whatever I read them up with I'm
gonna come up with I've degree in fine
arts I'm fairly creative yeah so you
know I'd come up with the documents and
they're the verifications and since I've
been in the mortgage industry I knew
what they were gonna ask for what are
they looking for mm-hmm what's the tax
ID number where are they gonna look for
it how can I piggyback off of a real tax
ID number on a w-2 and they won't verify
it if they do try
I call it they'll call they'll go online
and they'll look it up in the what used
to be the business white pages well you
can go online and put your business on
it mm-hmm so now they're calling a cell
phone that's in the name of a guy that
doesn't exist to verify it or there's
something called HQ have you ever heard
HQ it's a there are these offices that
you can rent there they'll be on like
the 30th floor don't some building
downtown offices well there'll also for
40 or 50 bucks they'll answer your phone
they'll forward then they'll collect
your mail their board your mail it seems
like you got a real-deal business and
yeah I got a real business real and
business card address so these these
loans start closing i buy them for forty
fixing them up for ten borrowing a
hundred and fifty walking away with
ninety worth a hundred thousand dollars
and each guy I'm buying at least five or
six houses so you're getting about two
about a million dollars worth of loans
you're walking away with five or six
hundred thousand dollars Wow and that
worked like a charm for a long time I
want you to do it for about two years
about two years eleven point five
million is what they we borrowed in
about two years so and and every time
the loan would go through the first
payment would always default or no no I
of course I'm not an idiot
I mean I I would pay three or I pay
three four or five months okay
sometimes I rent them out sometimes I
just if it the place was trashed or I
just make the payments or at least three
or four months keep in mind to I'd then
turn around and I borrow personal loans
I didn't get about thirty forty thousand
dollars worth of credit cards because
now this guy's got multiple mortgages
right read it so now I can borrow I can
get a bunch of credit cards I get a
bunch of credit cards those guys were
worth about five six hundred thousand so
I pulled the money out you know and we
would do really just stupid things you
know I had like a drawer filled up with
socks that I'm never gonna wear got 60
pairs of underwear that you know it's
just just stupid you don't even know
what did you know they didn't really
know and I'm thinking it's gonna last
forever because I'd figured out that
when they would go into foreclosure they
they'd start going into foreclosure they
start sending letters and I get the
letters and I would I would take an
article so I'm like let's say the Tampa
Tribune of a five car pileup or a 20-car
pileup and I'd retype the entire article
and I put insert my guys name James read
into the article and it's a James read
was life flighted to Tampa General
Hospital and so I would print out the
article on newsprint and to make a copy
of that then I'd write a letter from
James Reds sister and saying listen my
brother was in an accident here's the
article highlighted the doctors say even
if he wakes up from the coma he'll never
work again you might as well go ahead
and foreclose on the house and so they
just stopped sending in the letters yeah
they just froze they just they make a
few phone calls but they get that letter
it's over
they take the house back and they never
come looking so it worked really well
yeah sounds like it
so he's got to make sure you cover all
your hands and stuff you know yeah I did
you know I I there were one or two times
when for instance there was a buddy of
mine he's in Tampa and still in real
estate so I won't mention his name he he
was in charge of making the payments on
this one guy he was like look I'm
juggling right you're I'm juggling your
hands full
eight people yeah everybody's sharing in
the profit you got ten grand from the
last one you got 20 you got 15 you know
I can't be expected to make all of these
payments yeah he's up with the right so
here here's red you're gonna make the
payments fourtner Murray it was uh it
was Alan Alan Duncan
it was Alan Duncan because it was one of
my first ones I'd done and he's about to
foreclose so I'm like here's Duncan you
make the payments on the house we just
bought which was like the last house
we're gonna make a few payments all of
them are going to foreclosure so he
didn't make the first payment and I
remember the mortgage broker she comes
to my house and she says oh my god oh
it's a star Bank South star Bank I don't
know if they're still around but South
Star bank just called they can't get
ahold of Alan Duncan they said they know
that the bank accounts are fake they
know like they just started no we know
this we know this we know this you've
got a problem so I find out I go to the
guy the guy said what
happen and he says oh my god I forgot to
pay make their first payment I didn't
know was due already so I get them on I
get soused are on the phone I call up
and I say listen this is Alan Duncan I
just talked with you know this guy I
forget what his name was I say John
Smith Johnson and they go oh he's in a
meeting I said well this is Alan Duncan
I assure you he wants to talk to me
immediately please interrupt the meeting
it's it's extremely important so the
secretary interrupts and boom they put
me on the phone and it's their head of
fraud department some lawyer and like a
vice president of the bank Wow and
they're like okay mr. Duncan and I'm
like yes they're like okay well we've
been we've spent quite a bit of time
looking over your uh you know your your
file here yeah and I'm like okay and
they said we got $140,000 loan to a man
that doesn't exist because we know you
don't exist and I'm like okay well
listen I'm not sure where this is coming
from I mean I understand I I missed a
payment
it's I'm putting in the mail today we
should have this all day oh no it's too
late for that
this is too late for that and so I went
okay well let me catch up the payment
and he's like no no he's like look you
know we're gonna submit this to the FBI
we're gonna do a full investigation
you're gonna end up I remember he kept
saying like a it was something like a
six by six or an eight by eight concrete
box I remember he kept saying that yeah
you're gonna end up an eight by eight
concrete box and anyway I said to him ah
you know they were real cocky about it
mm-hmm and I'd been caught before I got
caught one time with two million dollars
but the loans had already been part of
the package ever been sold the household
bank and the lender didn't he wasn't
willing to push the issue because it was
several million dollars he was gonna be
on the hook for yeah so he just
continued to sell the paper right and so
he let me off and came back and told me
to keep sending loans this is when I own
the mortgage but these guys were cocky
mm-hmm and I remember thinking so as
we're talking I i I was like okay
they're not there they're really cocky
about this and so at one point I said uh
okay I don't understand I said aren't
you guys concerned about getting your
money back I mean well you know I'm
trying to give you your money back here
and they said Oh we'll get our money
back when we foreclose on property and I
went
I said now I get it you think that your
hundred and forty thousand dollar loan
is attached to a property worth 180 and
it they're like right I said no now now
things I could always like now things
are gonna shift in my favor I can feel
it so I said okay let me explain what I
do what I did do you have your um do you
of the appraisal in front of you yeah
so they I'd send them obviously our
appraisal they done what's called a
desktop review where they review it but
they don't actually go out to the
property they review it they have an
appraiser review it and I explained look
take a look at comp number one that's
owned by a guy named Lea black comp
number two you know James read comp
number three you know David silver and I
explained what I did I did this pay the
docs aunt boom-boom-boom I told him all
I have to at this point I got it if I'm
convinced that's generally angle he's it
right that's life I'm done anyway yeah
so I said look here's the deal
and they so they're like oh my god I
said right so I said as you can see you
now you have a piece of property that I
bought for $40,000 I paid an extra
eleven hundred dollars to get to
appraise at one eighty
you know the appraiser had blue
everybody involved the appraiser did
exactly what he's supposed to do he
didn't do anything wrong the mortgage
broker has never seen me she did
everything by the telephone she doesn't
have any clue what's going on every
single document was provided by me you
lent the money your underwriters lent
the money doing exactly what they do
everybody involved in transaction does
what they do on a daily basis and I
walked away with the money now if you
want to get your money back
you'll let me cut you a check and you'll
agree not to contact the FBI so we end
up working on an agreement where they
let me cut them and check back that's
not the only time that happened I've had
it happen with Washington Mutual caught
we'd done like eight owner-occupied
properties one time you understand
owner-occupied properties like your
house is an owner occupied property
right if you go by a rental property
it's a rental property right Lynch about
80 percent right maybe 70 well I had a
realtor that had bought 8 duplexes all
of them we said were owner-occupied with
8 different lenders got caught that time
ended up that several of the those
duplexes were on Washington Mutual
lines with different lenders and they
all Washington Mutual ended up with all
of them and they figured out we've got
three not all eight but they had like
three so their lawyer contact just said
look this is what you did this is
illegal this is this this is that and of
course they don't even know that the
w-2s are fake they don't even know how
bad it is yeah so I convinced them to
take like thirty thousand dollars less
money to just let's let us refinance him
and the lawyer accepted that he was okay
with that
really that's insane that is crazy
what's stopping them from taking the
check and then turning you in yeah I
mean and that happened you know I have
got a story when I was on the run where
I actually had to go to a lawyer I
didn't trust the guy so I actually went
to a lawyer and keep in mind too that
they've caught me
they're trying getting the money back I
mean it doesn't necessarily make them
look good either nobody wants to be a
part of fraud and you don't want like
the one guy which was a Pinnacle Bank
where they'd called me with a two
million this guy doesn't he doesn't he
ain't even said to me look nobody wants
the FBI could go in through their files
right because skeptic in the industry at
that time was so dirty right that
probably opens up for multiple other
people like you who were doing the same
thing right who knows what they're doing
right right on top of that well what
ultimately happened was Allison Allison
Arnold the girl with the brown hair and
that yeah in the American greed yeah she
she and I we were dating and she we
decided to do a scam and now this is
after all this is over oh you know I'm
still we're still I'm still on Tampa
okay I'm still running
you know I'm consulting with the
mortgage broker a Croaker's business I'd
sold it
mm-hmm because I couldn't own it anymore
so I had a buddy of mine named Dave
Walker who was running the company so
I'm still going in and committing fraud
on a regular Dave Walker have a pulse I
don't know what happened to Dave I mean
what he wasn't uh okay it sounds like a
made-up name Danny you know so does
Danny Joe yeah oh that's a pretty good
generic one yeah it was very generic we
did a loan and she she dyed her hair
black and she was pretending to be
a person named a real person named
Rosita Perez mm-hmm and so I didn't have
any fake any women and Rosita Perez a
broker that I knew this she had said
that this woman had somehow or another
wronged her they got into a fight she
hated her she'd cost her ten thousand
dollars and damages to her house
whatever the case may be I don't know
how she justified her I justified it but
some another Allison we decided Allison
was gonna impersonate her and I made a
fake license and Allison the woman it
was a real picture of Allison she dyed
her hair black hmm she goes into the
closing we did had several closings
about half a million dollars with a
closing setup we bought a house we
satisfied the loans on the house and
Allison was resilient was going to
borrow like half a million dollars we
had several loans set up on the same
house and she goes in the first one and
she gets a check for like a hundred and
change I know what it was 110 120
thousand sound like that so she gets it
the next loan she goes in to get she too
close she signs the paperwork but the
woman looks at her and she says you
don't look like your picture yeah I saw
that in America it was her though oh
yeah it was her oh really
yeah that was what was so strange the
picture was Allison but Allison had
changed her hair like a couple days
beforehand she dyed it black for the
photo and then dyed it back and I
remember going what are you doing why
would you dye your hair you know what
and she's like I'm like your name is
Rosie - Perez you know it's like she's
like that was fine it's still my picture
and it was her picture yeah so I was
like yeah okay mmm you know there's any
number of reasons her name would be
Perez okay although she's pale green
eyes now she's got brown hair with
blonde highlights and she goes in and
the woman has an issue with it and they
put a they put like a like a fraud alert
on the check because the woman starts
making phone calls and she finds out
very quickly that the property was
supposed to be in someone else's name we
changed the name of the property she
calls another title company she it
unravels very quickly yeah and a buddy
of mine hit was running
scam in Orlando and he had a bank
account and so Alison couldn't open a
bank account so we gave the cheque to
this my buddy he ends up putting it in
his bank account he gets a call a couple
days later from well now but keep in
mind there's a flag on a red flag
it's been it's there's a like an alert
on the check so they get alerted and the
bank calls him and says hey by the way
can you come in and sign the back of the
check because I did Sonic yeah but
because it's over $100,000 we need to
witness it mm-hmm BRR he's going to the
bank and I said I called him and I said
hey what's going on ice out that the the
manager called me he needs me to come in
I says some doesn't sound right about
that never heard of that cash or I've
deposited lots of checks for over
$100,000 nobody's ever said they had a
witness my signature mm-hmm anyway he's
like no it's fine it's fine
you know he goes in the bank he gets
arrested so they let him go you know he
says he didn't cooperate you know and
start the investigation I know
differently but hey he's a friend of
mine and I like the guy and I go up with
him and he's a nice guy and he's in a
bad spot and yeah you know and I love
him to death and so a task force is put
together to investigate me and how hard
is it to prove that this is a fraud all
you got to do is go on Hillsborough
County Tax Collector's uh
tax appraisers website right green blue
red I mean not the most brilliant at the
time it seemed really cute right not the
most brilliant of all the things I've
done so very quickly they realized okay
you're like the Riddler
I look back and I think did you think
that was gonna be how do you think that
was gonna be okay so they put it
together and months later you know
months later I'm dating a just are
dating another girl by the name of by
the name of uh Rebecca Hulk mmm and I
just starting date started dating her
single mother another single mother but
single mother yeah I you know really
irritated about the whole American greed
single mother had some good producers on
the episode I sit up a little yeah but I
mean it is what I already did isn't it
bad enough
yeah you know they say you know do we do
we have to say he was also mean to to
children and small animals I mean he's
bad enough
yeah so anyway I started just started
dating her and so one day I'm I dated
this girl like a month okay
so I don't even know this girl so I go
to work one day and this guy a sheriff's
deputy that I knew his name was a Steve
Sutton and I'd done like a million
dollars worth of real estate for him got
him so he comes in one day and he says
listen I gotta talk to you what's up man
you know hey buddy what's up hey talk
Majan how bad this day was I'm like yeah
what's going on he says uh I used to
date a girl on the Tampa PD okay he was
he said she was a part of a task force
recently that was just handed to the FBI
he said the task force was on you
they're gonna arrest you in a couple of
days my name came up because of all the
real estate you've done he said she came
to his house in the morning like six
o'clock in the morning knocked on the
door and said don't talk to Cox anymore
they're arresting him in a couple days
holy shit so he said I just thought I
wanted to tell you yeah we're friends I
wanted to let you know yeah he said I'm
not gonna talk to you anymore I don't
know what to do and I said you know
don't do anything you're you don't know
anything you're not gonna get in trouble
because you don't know anything just say
you you came to me you needed a loan I
got you the loan that's all you know
right you know you're not a mortgage
broker you don't know so he said okay he
is what are you gonna do I said I'm I'm
leaving I'm already on federal probation
yeah Jesus so I'm already on federal
probation for the first one I mean
that's pretty bad what am I gonna do the
judge he wasn't happy the first I pissed
I can imagine going back in on eleven
and a half million that's not gonna work
out well for meeting them so I thought
yeah
you know all I know about prison is
Shawshank Redemption I can't go to look
at me I mean I was it was 15 years ago I
was a lot prettier but dear God I can't
go to prison I'm as soft as cotton being
pretty is not necessarily good I can't
do this there I gotta go yeah so it was
it was like a Thursday literally the
next day I got out 80 grand in cash
that's all I could it we had probably a
million or so dollars in the bank but
you know you can't go in and say give me
a million yeah I'm sending people in
with checks for nine thousand eight
thousand people are start to figure it
out too and you go hey look can you go
cash seven thousand yeah man I can't
they're realizing you look
panic-stricken and yeah so it's like
okay I understand so I get out like 80
grand pack my bags
Becky happens to come by we were
supposed to go out like Friday night or
something and she sees me and she's like
what are you doing I'm packing my bag
what are you doing here she's like hey
I'm ready what are you doing ready to go
to dinner and I'm like you've been
answering your foot with your following
I was like fuck I got a problem yeah so
I tell her and she tells me I you know I
want to come with you she wasn't the
road crazy you've got you've got a son
and she's like no you don't understand
she said basically you know he'd
basically been raised by by his father I
brought him down here I can't handle him
he's been picked up twice for after
curfew
he got caught smoking pot he's failing
his grades he was going back in December
anyway are at the end of you know he was
going back anyway I'm sorry at the end
of the school year it was December
mm-hmm the first part of December and so
I'm going I don't okay well we don't
even know each other I'm like no offense
I remember telling I looked I this is
never gonna become love for me you know
I mean it's been a week and I mean it's
been it's been a month but you know this
isn't happening she's like look I don't
care about that she said look you don't
even and I was like you have a normal
life you have a family remember she told
me she said you don't even know why I
came to Florida she said I got caught
stealing she would see it caught
stealing money from her boss which was a
casino lawyer and he didn't turn her in
because and she was using the money to
gamble so she owed him like ten or
twelve fifteen thousand something like
that so she said he says look I'm gonna
send you to Florida to work for the dog
track he didn't turn her in because
she's sleeping with him doesn't want the
wife to find out so he sends her to
Florida she meets me I'm going on the
run she wants in yam
so you're an adulteress thieving yeah
you know yeah so all attributes by the
way perfect beauty she comes so I say
okay you know you can come with me so
she comes with me we go straight to
Atlanta she rents a house we remove take
that I assume the guy who owns the
houses identity and I borrow like four
hundred thousand dollars and I pull the
money out we pull the money out and we
take off so now we got about four
hundred thousand branches that you
rented the house from yeah you rented a
house in Atlanta right in a neighborhood
in Atlanta right and then you how did
you give the four hundred thousand
dollars the for one hundred thousand
rented a house for like one ninety if it
was a valued about 190 so the value of
that house was one ninety if it was okay
right so we're paying whatever it is
thirteen fourteen hundred a month okay
rent and so what I did was I went
downtown and I he had a he had two loans
on the house from Bank of America and I
created a satisfaction of mortgage
remember I told you I dated a girl who
worked for a title company mm-hmm so I
know how a satisfaction would have tells
that what a satisfaction looks like
right I create a satisfaction of
mortgage I then go back down and I
record it well what happens is if you
have a mortgage you have a for instance
your house right now you've got up
whatever two hundred three hundred
thousand dollar mortgage on the house -
let's say Bank of America okay well when
you pay that off how does public records
know it's paid off right
Bank of America gets their three hundred
thousand well what they do is they then
create a satisfaction of mortgage they
then mail it in with seven dollars to
Hillsborough County
right or what do we have Pinellas or
something else Pinellas County public
records and they say hey the mortgage
that was taken out to Danny Jones on
this day for this amount of money
satisfied it's here by Saturday with
this loan number or whatever number is
hereby satisfied they are who owned this
house had no clue that his mortgage was
now satisfied enough to of them so he
has no clue and all I did was make a
fake ID I figured out how to make like a
fake ID so I don't even have a real ID
at this point I just made a fake one I
mean I did I started going what happened
was I realized look making the fake ID
is a problem you gotta use the laminates
you have to get you have to overcome the
the issue of the of the hologram I mean
you have to rewrite it's a pain in the
ass yeah so it's much easier to just go
into the DMV and get you to issue a a
license in somebody's name to give them
to print it for you right so they
printed up so I just easier to just
steal someone's identity so then I very
quickly realized that but at this point
I needed his ID so I made I didn't have
his real middle name so I just made up
like it was like s was like the middle
names I was like Shawn so so I end up
making a name I don't have his real date
of birth keep in mind I just need to go
in and get a check yeah I don't even
have a social security number I just
needed then same name on the ID because
I'm borrowing from hard money lenders
they charge like 14 percent interest
right right and so matter of fact those
guys a couple of more on American greed
yeah there were 3 or 3/1 lent like 110 1
let 150 another one let 150 total came
to like four hundred thousand and how
when you get the loans from the hard
money lenders how they can't see that
there's other hard money lenders giving
you who knows it's called a shotgunning
scam shot you mean and so what happens
is you do it so quickly you apply with
multiple lenders and you close within a
day or two of each other okay and if you
do that what happens is the documents
are prepared at the title company you
sign you get your check well a couple of
days later when they've got all their
paperwork done they mail it in so these
things get mailed into public record
saying this loan there's a new mortgage
on this property please record it
and here's the payment that Omega okay
so public records puts it down and they
go okay here's the address here's the
folio number here's this okay okay boom
record it
two days later another one shows up yeah
Wow they they go okay same thing there
boom another mortgage no two hours later
boom Oh same one keep mine this woman
has she's doing this nothing that's all
she does all day recognize the number
then even if she did it's irrelevant
yeah you're allowed to have three or
four mortgages on the same property she
has no idea what it's valued at it's a
recording system not a verification
system they simply record documents that
are mailed in that you pay for and so
they get it boom record it record it
record it so I got four hundred thousand
dollars I go up in a couple bank
accounts hmm
I deposit the checks I remove the cash
and that's a funny story this is a funny
story so I go in I get a real driver's
license right in the name of a guy named
Scott cugno so I got a a scott klug no
driver's license real license I have is
real so SH
everything so one of the checks I had
issued to Scott kono for 29 grand so I
go into
SunTrust I walk into SunTrust and I say
hi Scott cugno I need to cash this and
the guy goes twenty nine thousand why
don't you just deposit in your own bank
account mr. Koch now and I said well
because my bank account you know I'm in
Georgia it's in Florida they're gonna
hold it for a few days and I need the
cash okay well okay well it's really odd
and you know okay well here's my
driver's license here's my here's a
credit card driver's license here's my
social security card yeah I'm good you
need a thumbprint thumbprint
I'm already wanted yeah so you know he's
like okay we'll go ahead and have a seat
I have a seat my my cell phone give my
cell phone is is your razor for my razor
razor Motorola RAZR Motorola RAZR there
and becky's sitting in the car so I wait
the guy comes out and he says okay this
is like the president draw that whatever
the manager of the bank he comes out he
goes okay um he said look why don't I
don't her shit what do you need the cash
for and I went
I said we're I cashed checks I said I'm
a general contractor I just did a job
for somebody they paid me with this
money and I have to I said I typically
write checks to the guys that work for
me and I cashed the check so they don't
have to go to check cashing companies
and he goes okay that makes sense that
makes sense you know something's wrong
right yeah right
he just can't figure he walks off but
I'm not leaving yeah something's wrong
and you start asking those questions you
would leave most people would leave but
I know you can't I'm thinking he can't
he's not gonna figure this out yeah so
the phone rings boom boom phone rings I
pick it up it's Becky she goes hey she
said what are you doing what's taking so
long I calm down the guy's he's a jerk
you know he's being a jerk about it
didn't wanna give me the money
well then leave I go no no I can't leave
I said he's he's he's checking on stuff
but she goes well I go look look calm
down it she's all nervous yeah if the
cops show up
you see too if you see two cruisers pull
in call me yeah I'll run out the back
you meet me at the at the 7-eleven down
the street right so she's like okay okay
hang up the phone
few minutes later he comes out he asked
some other question what about this what
about that I'm like where'd you get the
check I said I I got the check from the
homeowner and he goes okay and I said
wait I don't understand what's taking so
long I said it's a cashier's check
written from your bank yeah
the money is good yeah I think no the
money is there it's just we have to
there are certain protocol we have to go
through I said okay okay so he leaves
phone rings again what do you what's
take a saw I don't know guy's a dick I
don't know what to say he's taking
forever he's he's checking like checking
on what I don't know comes out again and
I said hey what is taking so long and he
goes well we're trying to eat it turns
out that the name of the guy is Michael
Shanahan that the guy that owns the
house and I went oh keep going I'm
Michael Shannon right you're Michael
Shannon so I went okay and he says and
we're just trying to get ahold of mr.
Shanahan he's the guy who did the work I
said right he was we're just trying to
verify the check with him they're now
trying to get in contact with Michael
Shanahan Wow who I've pretended to be
using this zone right and I'm live
already
for the check I borrowed 400,000 so I'm
like jesus H Christ so the phone rings
again it's Becky boom hey what's going
on she goes what is taking so long I
said he's trying to verify the check
with Michael Shannon and she it was
complete silence and she just said like
I can't get out of the bank I'm walking
out with the money if the cops show up
call me and I hang up the phone so I'm
sitting there the phone rings again I
look at the phone I don't recognize the
number it's a bank I pick up the phone I
go hello they go hi Michael Shanahan
this is Jennifer from SunTrust Bank and
I'm like you she's behind you you're
looking right at her actually talking
yes and she goes hi we have we have a
Scott cut know here at the bank he's
trying to cash a check then apparently
you had issued off of a refinance that
you made and I oh yes we just need you
to verify the amount and that it's
mystery oh yeah I believe it's Scott
Cogan or I'm pretty sure it was for
twenty nine thousand even mm-hmm and
she's like that's right and I appreciate
it and thank you very much I'm real
quick I said how did you get my number
this is number's unlisted she goes oh we
called the title company and they gave
us the phone number had she called
information she'd had gotten the rip
Michaels the real guy but she called the
title come because they did have that
that's where they banked right so she
called them they gave her the number
they call I said okay she's I hope it's
not a problem not a problem no big deal
thank you very much boom hang up the
phone sorry Wow so yeah so the guy walks
out five minutes later counts out
$29,000 and stares at me and he gives me
the twenty nine thousand and I remember
I'm cautious but I'm also feeling real
cocky oh yeah so I stand up and he goes
mister mister cogno he said I'd like to
uh I'd like to let you know I feel very
apprehensive about this transaction I go
really what is it exactly I'm not
stuffing money in my yeah what is it
exactly and he goes he said I can't put
my finger on it I go I'm sure it'll come
to you
and I walk off I get in the car tell
Becky what happened I'm like no shit
drive off I mean she's like oh my god oh
my god wouldn't never I never even tried
to cash a check for that lawyer ever
ever since then it was always under 29
it was always under ten thousand Wow mmm
I'm just over that they give you they
investigated more well yeah I don't know
what that keep mine I had been doing
like nine thousand seven thousand eight
thousand Oh problem no problem and then
I one time I finally went you this is
taking forever
they're just ours what do I care they
can figure out a CCR I don't care call
the IRS I'll be gone before they show up
so I didn't care you know which was a
mistake because had he made just the
wrong compass just luck oh yeah let me
call you when you're in the bank that's
crazy so that's the same we got all the
money we take off I we left with the
four 400,000 change what did we do
oh yeah no it was more than that left
the house in Atlanta
yeah because where'd you go after that
well you know what's funny is I totally
neglected to mention the other like we
borrowed my weed also gone into
tallahassee important done the same
thing in Tallahassee oh really that was
uneventful oh that's right there was
that other one it's it's pretty bad when
you start getting on them the the
hundred thousand you stole here are the
two hundred thousand here and you're
like now what happens I feel bad about
that don't judge he's got this look like
this actual Michael Shannon on the house
ah very upset so is he out of all that
like his house is now paid off well yeah
they don't look but that's not really
not really paid off what happens what
happens is he can claim against the
title insurance okay
you know and that's one of the things
that I you know it's like I very easily
justified in my mind I'm just borrowing
money from the bank and I never really
thought I was screwing over those people
that own the
because of insurance because they have I
go is got tunnel insurance and for
example the guys in the in the show
American greed they talk about how one
of the guys got paid back from the title
insurance and the other guy says he
didn't get paid back now it's my
understanding that that although all of
them had gotten paid back but in the
show he says he didn't get paid back so
he may not have been paid back I'm not
sure how that's possible I mean the the
title policies been produced that way
well I think it maybe they just fought
it but I mean look you've got a title
policy that that that ensures you
against fraud one of the one of them is
or cloud it's got a clouded title
whatever the case may be it was very
clear that it covered fraud he should
have been paid back now whether he was
or not I don't know he says he wasn't I
he's not listed as far as I can tell on
the people that I have to pay back I
believe that the title agency that he
got the loan from probably paid them
back but somebody owns that agency and I
probably owe them the money you know
it's like look somebody somewhere got
dicked over right so I take the money
take the money we go to Charlotte North
Carolina how much money do you have at
that time like five six hundred cash
right in cash in a little duffel bag
then it's not then you know you ever see
those guys it's like it's like half a
million dollars it's and they're your
money because that's not about fifties
you know it's not that much money so we
go to Charlotte we go downtown we were
in a place amazing condo downtown
Charlotte like a couple thousand dollars
a month and fifteen years ago that was a
lot a lot you know Charlotte was amazing
we lived there we got new cars so we're
driving like brand-new infinities and
and what did Becky get she had two cars
keep this going I'm gonna pee real quick
all right sorry I told you I could go on
and I'm giving you I'm giving you the
this is like the condensed version yeah
yeah no it's the best type of guest to
have on
oh is it oh yeah for sure I was just
talking talking no it's good the stories
are super fascinating look so you guys
are living in Atlanta at that time
Charlotte North North Carolina so we go
to Charlotte you know we set up there we
hang out for like a month or so yeah I
think we ended up going on vacation we
went to where do we go what's the plan
at that point there's no plan you're
just rolling with I mean the plan is get
three for five million dollars something
like that and you know and I don't even
know to take off retire invest it in
real estate do something you know and
they're just gonna bounce around build
up as much as you think you can the plan
was don't get caught and go to prison
yeah so I in Charlotte that's where we
got a tremendous amount of plastic
surgery I think Becky had already gotten
like a boob job a fresh shot what's the
politically correct version of boob job
as far as I know yeah that's what I call
them so she got you know what she called
the twins so she got a boob job then we
went to Charlotte we got I got a she got
surgery again additional surgery like
liposuction that sort of thing and
really to be honest she was smoking hot
anyway you know I'm saying she had the
whole pink thing going on
she had the short haircut she was cute
she's probably weighed 110 pounds
probably weighed 115 when I met her just
now she's got five pounds of silicone
and she's down to 110 we're jogging
we're working out we've got great
clothes great cars I think she mentioned
she's got she's got you know she's got
Rolexes she's got diamond she's got
everything she wanted so but the money's
going yeah it's my name is fast right
yeah you buy a $60,000 vehicle another
one for this even if you finance them
it's a 20,000 down we don't have really
any credit at this point we're just
starting credit over but we'd figured
out I'd figured out that how to get fake
IDs or real IDs button fake people right
what did happen what happened was we
were
sitting at a light one day and I was
like the problem with this whole
situation is that for instance I started
using other people's IDs like I put an R
an ad in the newspaper and people would
call up to two because I realize I can't
make a fake ID I can't get pulled over
by the police and give him a fake
plastic ID a fake ID they're not gonna
make it back to their car a cops gonna
go okay that dudes you're done get out
you know he said the bank okay but yeah
not a not a patrolman right so I
realized we need real IDs and so when we
were in Atlanta we started acquiring
real people real IDs and what I did was
initially I put ads in the newspaper for
it was like home loans available good
credit bad credit no problem
you pay a couple hundred bucks and you
get twenty calls a day for the four or
five days yeah and people are calling up
to try and get home loans and it doesn't
matter if they have good credit or bad
credit I just need you to have a
driver's license usual info right so I
started asking questions you know and
I've done it a thousand times you know
you know I've done I've taken a thousand
applications so it's you know hey name
date of birth social security number
where do you live what's your day you
know what's your how many kids you have
you know you know where do you work
what's your phone number what's the
address at a rambling right off and you
get to the last page which is like it's
a bunch of statistical questions for the
federal government and then as you
usually add one or two in there where
were you born what county and state were
you born in what's your mother's maiden
name by this point they've they just
answering every year they dispute all
the info right they don't realize in the
course of answering 30 questions you've
given me enough to steal your identity
Wow
so and that's what you did with a
homeless guy right right well initially
it was real people but one of those guys
was a guy named Michael Eckert and
Michael Eckert had told me specifically
when I was asking all these questions at
the very end he goes oh wait a minute he
said I'm a felon you know he not about
he owes he said um I just got my
driver's license back doesn't know he
said I think he did say I'm a felon he
said I'm a felon but it was like it was
a DUI hmm I don't do you have a driver's
license he goes yeah yeah I just got it
back like a year ago and I thought for
him to have lost his license and be a
felon he he had
have lost a multiple time before it
becomes like a felony yes so at that
time I mean I'm pretty sure that's how
it works so I just remember thinking
you're a felon I'm a DUI for some reason
or even if it wasn't from the DUI I'm
assuming it was I'm thinking what if he
loses his license again I could be
driving around with the guys I could
have a car two cars an apartment credit
card everything in a guy's name because
see what I would do is I would pair them
with social security numbers that were
recently issued I would go straight into
Social Security number and get what
Social Security card issued to Michael
Eckert and I'd get a whole new credit
profile based on him new address so knew
everything lots of people had the name
Michael Eckert I changed the middle name
slightly right boom credit profile seven
hundred credit scores so buy a bunch of
buy a car house whatever my point is is
that I'm driving around what if I get
pulled over this guy's got a DUI I go to
jail I get fingerprinted I'm done right
so and Becky and I we talked about that
multiple times what if you get what if
you grabbed and I was like look
worst-case scenarios at this time I
don't know if this is how it works now
but this was 50 over 15 years ago I was
like worst case scenario is if I get
grabbed and they bring me downtown and
they fingerprint me they won't run the
prints right away they only run them
right away through APHIS if your
identities in question keep in mind my
identity won't be in question because
I'm a real driver's license so if it's
not in question they're gonna
fingerprint me you can get me I'll get
it'll be something stupid that I get
arrested for so you can easily get me
out within 24 hours you get me out
before they run my prints and we're gone
and she was like okay okay okay because
a lot of these small towns that they
don't run your prints right anyway they
do them in batches or they don't you
know they don't wasn't back then there
was no it wasn't the digital scanner
there have something yet so even if when
they did have them they don't
necessarily run them they get charged
for running them and your identity is
not in question so we talked about that
anyway my point is I started stealing
the identities of real people but one
day we're sitting at a red light and she
I said what we need is an identity of
PEEP someone who does it isn't really
using their identity and she's like what
I said I don't know she's like mental
patients something what I was like she's
people
people that died and I said no because
when you die it gets registered so that
the they can get the death benefit of
$250 and so Social Security knows you
you're dead so it shows up on your
credit profile so I can't use though
it's no good permanent IDs and I went
she's like why ku and I went and there
was a guy stayed in there holding a home
we you know Hungary will work for food
so I don't go like that guy yeah that's
just the bomb I was a yes so we pull
over I go up to the guy go hey man
what's up he's like what's up I said can
I ask you some questions real quick I'll
give you 20 bucks right now five minutes
yeah what's up and I started asking him
questions do you have a felony do you
have a driver's license
how'd you lose your license was it a DUI
was it you know and it wasn't he didn't
have a DUI he just expired he doesn't
have a car how would I get a DUI mm-hmm
you know I've been arrested multiple
times I don't have a felony though I
have a bunch of misdemeanors mm-hmm so
as you start so I came up with a
statistical survey form where I went
around and I would question homeless
people I was trying to get their
information to try and determine where
we were gonna where the Salvation Army
was going to open their next homeless
facility just keep it got 20 bucks and
say take a survey for the Salvation Army
we're trying to determine where we're
gonna know where we're going to open our
next homeless facility number you're
telling yeah and that given 20 bucks
then I take their information they have
no clue and then I turn around I order
their birth certificate or their social
security card i order their their high
school transcripts I order everything I
then turn around I go into a state where
they don't have a license I go into the
DMV
hey just moved the state lost my license
here's my proof I would register to vote
in their name get the card within a
couple of days I just registered my
voters registration card here's my birth
certificate
here's my Sosh and here's my high school
transcript and I've court obviously I'm
a resident of the state sometimes I
would say have a sometimes I'd have a
lease for my apartment in the guys name
and they would go okay great stand over
there take a picture
Bam Bam Bam you got a driver's license
they just print you out the driver's
license I then turn around I go straight
to to straight to the passport office
what not straight a couple days later
yeah go straight there here's my birth
certificate here's my
his license and they take all the
information down you pay like a fifty
five dollar fee they mail it in two
weeks later you get a passport so I mean
so what happened was once we moved from
Atlanta we went to and we're going
everywhere we're going to you know we're
going to Las Vegas we're going to we go
to Jamaica we're going to where else and
we're just traveling all over the place
yeah so so I remember we went to Las
Vegas and we this is what time well how
much time do we have to get good story
man this is a good story we got plenty
of time
you're gonna allow this this is this is
and it's horrible
and I feel bad I'd like to say I feel
bad about this okay so we go to Las
Vegas so Becky can see her son no and we
give we hand over some money and you
know she you know she's handing off
money to family and making everybody
happy and she's more buying presents and
doing all the things that is gonna make
her feel good so while we're there I
said look let's get let's just do some
surveys yeah she goes oh my god so we
drive to an area and there were so many
homeless people I was right I was
nervous about getting is the first place
I thought of with homeless people only
that'd be perfect Las Vegas why and I
didn't want to pull out I didn't want to
pull out a lot of money so I was like
man is just too many of them
oh yeah so she goes okay so we go to
another place imparted yeah she what she
went she was okay another place she was
well how about these guys a couple guys
sitting on a park bench and they were
pretty clean-cut they were so clean-cut
I thought they may not be homeless so I
got out one of the guys gets up he goes
yeah what's going on I said hey would
you mind taking a survey real quick and
this happened all the time I say and
they go no I'm not interested I paid
pays $20 cash right now you're in
between those cash right now right takes
three minutes 17 questions yeah man
what's going on I started asking the
questions you know his name Gary
Sullivan date of birth social security
number blah blah blah blah we're going
out and thing I asked ever been arrested
no like hesitation and give you their
social no really no it's a few guys that
did hesitate I would always go
cool I'll have to have it and I'd say
well okay I look at him I go okay well
what would I do with it and they go well
you can steal my identity I go do you
have good credit okay they go no I got
shoot credit okay well then what good
would it be yeah
do you have a bank account no okay I
don't understand if you don't want the
$20 just don't be go
I got somebody but I remember now I want
to see the Social Security card because
I think you're gonna give me a bad fake
number it's not I see it yeah so anyway
Gary Sullivan gives me its information
as we're going down the list and I start
there's random questions I would ask you
ever had a passport you ever had how
many states have you had driver's
license in which states that sort of
thing at one's last time you were
gainfully employed that you know or do
you have a felony and the guy goes he is
no I don't felony because I've got a
misdemeanors I don't want mr. means yeah
he was yeah for prostitution
okay I might okay well you mean
solicitation because you know my mind
guys get charged with right solicitation
right didn't even occur to me and I went
you mean so let's say she is no
prostitution he was
I offered to blow a undercover cop for
20 bucks and I went really he was yeah
I've been arrested a few times where I
went oh okay I said Wow I okay
and he goes yeah he said well you know
20 bucks well shit so the survey for
time I remember I said he said that's
what I thought you were here for and
that's what would they're hanging out
there for and I went he goes this is
basically an area where sex traffickers
hang out although she Becky knew that
she's sitting in the car laughing hahaha
Mike he said - unbelievable so I take
his information and I leave get in the
car
she's telling me talking about my
boyfriend like would you boyfriend's so
we leave we go back to Charlotte we set
up we're all happy I figure okay well I
need we need some more money I got to
get a couple at least a million dollars
on the next one and we do so I go to
Columbia South Carolina I buy a couple
houses and one of the houses I buy is a
house for 200 it's like two hundred
thirty thousand so basically I just got
a realtor and we drove around houses and
I just put contracts on them owner
financing I need you to owner finance I
need you owner finance it and they and
you put five houses five contracts on
five houses at least one or two of them
come back and they want to talk about it
so one of the Realtors comes back and
says my clients are he's a he's a doctor
and they're moving to Atlanta and
they're interested in doing the owner
financing and I said okay cool so I said
okay so I'll give you guys 10% down on a
200 and I think was 225 225 thousand our
house so I'll give you give you 25 grand
down so and you own or finance $200,000
and they had a mortgage on the house for
two hundred thousand so it's called a
wraparound mortgage okay so they're
gonna give me a mortgage that wraps
around their mortgage so I pay them they
pay the mortgage company on it so we go
to the closing we have a closing and I
think Bridgette Brown is on the American
greed she I think she's on the American
greed
pretty sure she is I remember yeah I
remember there was three girls on there
yeah yeah well this was a dr. Brown's
wife okay and so we go to the closing
okay we go to the closing and we just
have a quick closing I mean later on
when I whoa okay America greed she says
that she talked about how she'd had her
identity stolen before and she says that
my eyes got real wide and the lady was a
kid yes absolutely so a sick kid right
yes yeah so we go to the closing you
know I do remember her saying that I
don't remember my eyes getting wide but
I remember thinking okay you know I'm
just in and out right we're not hanging
out we're not making friends I'm not
asking any any personal questions she
mentions that we sign I leave I now own
the house in the name of Gary Sullivan's
name so I then turn around and I
and I I go downtown a week or two later
and I satisfy the loan on the house in
their name the one they had and I
satisfy the loan that they had in the
name of like Federal Credit Union or
something like that federal it was like
federal savings credit union or
something Bank and that's when I started
signing like the the mortgage at the
satisfactions with like cartoon
characters like I signed it with ya name
C Montgomery burns which once again I
thought that was extremely cute you know
did not play well in front of the judge
a couple years later he no sense of
humor about yeah leave some sort of like
paper-mache - you in somebody's house
it's actually not true I did leave it
and he the guy said that I left the
paper mache statue in the middle of the
living room like screaming right
taunting him right but I have a degree
in fine arts yeah fraud is not a
full-time job we're jogging we're
working out we're doing rock climbing
we're going on vacations we're still
bored yeah and one of the things I did
was I made like a paper mache guy and I
was I was working on it but by the time
we started getting the money out I
didn't finish it have time to finish it
and I couldn't fit it in the back of the
vehicle we were driving so I left it in
the garage when he shows up at closing
or at the that was pretty creepy to me
like on the show they made it sound
unless you were like well yeah what's
funny is that when it it ended up at at
sentencing and on the shows it's that I
left it in the middle of the he says
when I walked in I'd left in the middle
of the living room with and the entire
house was trashed
we had a bed upstairs in the master
bedroom we had no furniture the house
wasn't trashed we'd had the carpets
actually steam cleaned before we left
yeah so there was nothing to trash so it
was like you know it's like look I'm
already in a bad spot here can you can
you please not say that you know I know
you're tweaking it a little bit to make
it worse but it's already bad you know
so they they it's always that the tweak
of the
and he left it here and he was taunting
me you know it was in the garage along
with the backseat of the vehicle we were
driving because we had so much crap we
could I could with it
pull out the backseat anyway but
whatever like I said it's the same thing
it's like saying you're a murderer
you killed 13 people and not sure I
killed 11 so it doesn't matter what I
did leave it it was there hmm still feel
like the house was clean but anyway so
we get we borrow we go to the one house
i satisfy the loans in public record I
then turn around
I have no credit Gary Sullivan has no
credit okay but I have a house worth
$210,000 so I turn around and I go to
multiple banks and I borrow money I
borrow a hundred ninety thousand from
one bank 196 from another Bank
when is that house yeah so our bar like
five loans it's like nine hundred
thousand and I borrowed another four
hundred thousand on the other house so
it's 1.3 million dollars so then I go to
all the closings within a few days of
each other now one of the loans I'd
closed was with BB&T Bank sorry one of
the loans I had applied for was with
BB&T Bank mm-hmm I applied for the loan
well the loan officer went on vacation
so she went on vacation and didn't
process the paperwork so by the time we
close all these loans I closed the loans
I then turn around I've opened up like
six or eight bank accounts I'm putting a
couple hundred in each bank account and
I'm varying the balances by swapping out
canceled checks so that the balances
don't just drain they're shooting up and
down and down and until they drain it
completely so I'm not having any
problems taking the money out so I'm
taking the money out at nine thousand
nine thousand nine that you know it's
plenty of banks yeah I'm just driving
back and forth this is my job I Drive
back and forth and I pick up thirty to
sixty to ninety thousand to twenty
thousand every few days I Drive back and
forth and you know the money's piling up
and then one day I what happens is BB
and T's loan officer comes back from
vacation and she says hey she calls up
Gary Sullivan mr. Sullivan guess what
we're ready to close
it will it's been two weeks since I
started closing so if they were to now
check the public record yeah they're
gonna see that there's mortgages showing
up and they sent send an abstract err
down there to look physically look at
public records I can't have this woman
send anybody down there she's like oh
we're gonna close I'm like we'll
DeGeorge you the abstraction she goes oh
yeah they're going down to like today
and it
oh fuck well that's a problem I'm like
okay well listen I already closed alone
so let's not have her go down there and
she's like okay no big deal I'm like
well please call the abstract er make
sure she doesn't go ahead oh no she's
down there anyway I understand but let's
go ahead and stop her from going ahead
what can you say I'm panicked where is
she slash your tires but I'm thinking
it's gonna be okay yeah so one of the
things that happens in the meantime by
the way is that the other house that I
had one of those lenders did alone they
did alone on the second house and they
caught that they were in third position
so that's a loan for like one hundred
and eighty thousand one hundred one
hundred seventeen hundred eighty
something like that and so I get a phone
call saying hey is this Gary Sullivan I
said yeah it is Gary Sullivan he says
listen my name is you know let's say mr.
Thompson from Washington Mutual and we
caught a hundred and fifty or 160,000 on
your house on that house okay he said
and it turns out that we found we
realized that there's another loan on
the house we're in second position and
this is an issue and we're contemplating
calling the FBI not sure what you want
to do about that but I wanted to see if
there was an explanation I said okay
well wait a second now mr. Thompson
let's talk about this let's not get
crazy it's not you know so I said look
let me let me call you back
I think what's in both of our interest
is that we get Washington Mutual money
back as soon as possible and he says why
I agree so let's let's work on that so I
Drive to my corporate lawyer in Columbia
and I explained the situation to him and
he says so you're saying you've got four
or five loans on this one
like yes like like 400,000 he is what
about this other house and I said oh
I've got like 900,000 on that one and he
goes okay well Gary that's a problem and
now that's you know lawyers and there
are two lawyers in there like this is
the Mike my immediate problem is paying
these guys back the one six right now so
let's pay them back to one city and he
goes okay we can I'll uh I'll I'll call
the guy so he calls up and he says
listen to you know 160,000 he can work
this out let's work this out and I said
okay and you know we go back and forth
and I'm like look he wants 160 I'm like
look I'll give him the 160 he's like
whoa they also want the prepayment
penalty I'll pay the prepayment penalty
okay where they also want the first
month or that's ridiculous it's only
been a week I'm like I'll pay the first
month's pay come on man right so they
come up with whatever 165 I forget that
number so I say okay okay okay so he
hangs at the phone he sits great you got
to go get a cashier's check I remember
they wanted me to go into the bank like
a Washington Mutual branch and bring
them I said I'm not going in so I said
I'll get a cashier's check and bring it
to you he goes okay they write up an
agreement where they prompt they agree
that it's a it's not a criminal matter
it's a creative financing error and that
it's a civil matter and that it's being
taken care of so they felt the paperwork
no big deal they fax it back and forth I
sign it
I remember the lawyer this is the funny
part about this is that the two lawyers
are sitting there and he says okay well
what are we gonna do about about the
other mortgages and I go what do you
mean he was Gary you've got multiple
mortgages on all these properties I went
right right and he said well this is an
issue he's what if these other lenders
find out about the mortgages and I went
well I leave town and he goes and he
said no and they laugh they go like Oh
Gary that's not gonna work
they've got your date of birth they have
your social security number yeah they'll
find you and I go you're assuming I'm
Gary Sullivan right and the look on
their faces was just like yeah they
didn't even think of that man and he
goes well we'll we'll cross that bridge
when it comes I said that's right let me
get the check I go get the check I come
back
give him the check and I remember he
said okay well I need money for my fee
and I said well what's your fee it's a
couple hours work and he goes I think
$1500 is good I said okay so I pull out
counting out cash goes well we typically
ten we'll take cash I take a check and I
said after what you just heard you'd
take a check from me yeah he pays them
that was good they're good we're all
happy
I keep pulling money out of the bank
Becky's happy Becky and I decide once we
pull all the money out because we're
close to getting to all the money at
this point
I've been pulling out money we got six
seven hundred thousand dollars I'm out
of the bank we still have a chunk of
other money we've got got a chunk of
money so um so we were that we decided
we're gonna move to Houston Texas
so she's moved to Houston Texas
she lives in Houston now downtown
Houston amazing building and so she's in
Texas and she is already in taxes yeah
she was in Texas so I go into the bank
one day I go into Wachovia walk into
Wachovia as Gary Sullivan typically I
when I walked in a place I only had
information on me that was specific to
that person right so you mixed up or
right happen to have a happen to have a
Michael Eckert driver's license in my my
wallet I walk in I go up to teller said
any nine grand in cash she was okay
she turns red she's I gotta get
authorization for that I said no problem
she walks in the back five minutes ago
by I'm standing there the whole place is
crowded next thing I know boom somebody
pulls my hand behind my back pulls the
other hand behind my back I turn around
there are these massive massive
sheriff's deputies I mean I'm I'm five
six I'm five seven with a good pair of
shoes I mean these guys are huge so I'm
like hey they go hey they said uh hey
they grabbed my drop my ID and
said you're being detained mr. uh mr.
Sullivan you're being detained come with
us they put the cuffs on me they walk me
in the back everybody staring they sit
me down in the manager's office I'm
sitting there and I said what's this
about and they go all we know is to
detain you five minutes later a
detective shows that they were waiting
for the detective and I heard detective
I thought okay FBI because I knew the
FBI was already looking for me and by
this point when I left Atlanta
the Secret Service had gotten involved
mm-hmm and the Secret Service had placed
me on the Secret Service's most wanted
list because the Secret Service deals
with aggravated with identity theft I
didn't with anything to do with the with
the infrastructure of currency or money
of any kind okay you know which is a lot
of banking right they basically took
over a massive amount of the FBI once
they FBI kind of shifted to terrorism
they took over a massive amount of that
so so uh you know I know they're looking
mm-hmm and so anyway I go back I'm
waiting I'm handcuffed the detective
walks in I'm thinking FBI Secret Service
they walk in the guy says he walks in
and he says uh hey mr. Sullivan you know
I'm whatever his name was you know
Richard I'm John Richards you know
detective Richards and I say okay and he
says uh we were you know we were
contacted by Wachovia is the head of
Wachovia is fraud department we
understand that you've got multiple
loans on a piece of property that you
borrowed money from one of the loans you
took out was from Wachovia and you've
got you have Hughes and you've got three
loans on one piece of property I
actually had six loans on three yeah so
I looked up and I'm and I go I remember
I said is that illegal and he went you
know I don't know
and I remember right then thinking I'm
walking out of here yeah I'm good all I
got to do is convince this guy I can get
out of here just any goes you're not
under arrest I go I'm not I feel like
I'm under arrest I show him the cuts
here oh yeah can you take those off in
so they take take the cuffs off and I
said what's going on because I don't
know let's get Wachovia is had a
security on
phone they get him on the phone he
started saying this guy is running a
shotgunning scam he's borrowing so many
mortgages on the house we couldn't catch
it in time and he's removing all the
money in cash and he said you're
removing all the money in cash I said I
am removing in a cash and he said why
and I said well because I work for a day
labor company and I had I pull out my I
have a I have a little business card day
labor it says I'm a site manager Gary
solvent site manager labor on demand and
I said it's a day and what happens is I
said week we cut these guys checks and
they had to go cash the checks and they
charge them like 10% so I usually just
cashed that their checks for them I said
I mean I don't know if that's illegal
you know that's that's nice I yeah
that's fine I'm like okay so the guy
says listen he this he that he's he's
got multiple first mortgages and I went
okay well I read every one of the
mortgages I took out none of them said
first mortgage because it's actually the
placement of the mortgage that
determines whether it's a first second
or third mortgage and not it doesn't
really say anything on the mortgage so
he's like he's like you know he's he's
I'm unraveling his little thing he's
trying to convince him and I'm saying no
no I read the things it didn't say why
didn't he take them all out from the
same Bank I said well you know I don't
know I came to Wachovia I know Wachovia
knows they're in first position so I
said I borrowed a first mortgage from
Wachovia I told them that I needed like
half a million dollars so the loan
officer Wachovia had a friend and I go
shoot what was the name what's the name
of the other lender and he goes he and
he tells me he's like Oh SunTrust I'm
like right SunTrust and they gave me a
second mortgage well the girl at
SunTrust said she could give me
additional money for a sec and for a
home equity line of credit this guy
that's not all Mike what do you like I
cry that he's lying he and I'm like look
this is what happened and I signed that
and they gave me the money and I don't
understand what about you wrong mm-hmm
and he's like yeah I'm not sure what the
what he did wrong amid sounds of me I go
sounds to me like they got a problem at
the bank didn't do anything wrong so
he's screaming and then he goes look at
his ID look at his ID and he goes okay
he looks at the I only had an ID not a
driver's license because I had a vehicle
that was in the name Michael
Becker
mmm so I didn't need a driver's license
and he goes yeah um he is it starts with
zero zero zero he has no no our our ID
start with zero zero zero he was it's a
fake ID because no I ran him through
NCIC it's his real ID
he is Gary Sullivan and I went oh now
I'm not Gary Sullivan I oh come on man
what are we doing here doing and he goes
so if you already got that guy you
already know you like your gold oh the
two sheriff's are still standing the
deputies are still there yeah so he goes
he's screaming a hollering and he's in
he's telling them to calm down I go look
man I think they got a problem that bank
I wouldn't know how to do this I said I
work for a labor company what I'm gonna
trick the bank out a half a million
dollars come on I own two houses here in
the area and he was that's right you did
yeah he owns two houses he yeah so he
goes look I don't even know if he's
committed a crime yet I'm gonna bring
him downtown we're gonna fill out a
police report and I'm gonna see what the
district attorney says he hangs up on
the guy guys furious yeah I get up to
leave and he says Gary this is a South
Carolina ID do you have a driver's
license and I went I do but it's in
Nevada I don't know if Gary Sullivan has
one in Nevada right no clue all right
skyress almost yeah you know prostitute
yeah just given reach-arounds behind
seven so the detective says he goes oh
that's right he was you're from I forgot
you're from Las Vegas and I write then
remember that he had said he pulled me
through NCIC so he knows Gary Sullivan's
been arrested twice for prostitution oh
shit
so I thought no I looked over the
deputies and these guys are glancing at
each other smiling and I thought don't
think you're a male prostitute I was a
male process and the guy goes one of the
cops grabs the ID and says I'll check to
see if he's got a driver's license he
walks off he comes back and he says yeah
he's got a valid driver's license in
Nevada and
the deputy goes use checks out use
everything's good it's valid he was he's
yeah yes it's valid he's well it says
he's five foot ten and they all look at
me and I go well fellas with a good pair
of shoes
hey go ha ha ha Gary follow us back to
the police station so I'm driving back
to the police station with the cruiser
behind me and the deputy's car in the
front of me my phone rings and it's
Becky
and I go hey what's going on and she
says oh my god I forgot like 40 missed
calls why yeah oh my god what are you
doing what are you doing I said okay I
you're not gonna believe this I said I
just got detained I'm being driven back
to the police station I have to fill out
a police report and I explain what
happens and she goes get on the
interstate
get out of there good I said I can't
there's a cop behind I can't I gotta
play this out I said listen five minutes
ago I was in handcuffs I can do this I
can get out of this I'm good
she's GI understand you're number one on
the secret services most-wanted list
they just raised you to the number one
you got it I said look I can't I can't I
said look the worst-case scenario is
this I'll get arrested you get me a
lawyer
get me out she goes I'm not getting you
out on bond I'm not getting you a lawyer
she goes I'm not risking everything I
have to try and get you out of jail
she's got all the money oh yeah so I'm
going so well I guess I'd better not get
arrested yeah so I hang up the phone I
go in there I fill out the police report
mm-hmm I wait he won't let me let wait
in his cube he says can you wait in the
hallway I gotta go talk to them to the
my whatever
lieutenant whatever all right I wait in
the hallway in the hallway there's all
of these posters there's one color
poster which is my Secret Service's most
wanted poster a picture of you a picture
of me
now keep in mind I've had plastic with
their real name on it Oh
Mattox yeah not mine I've had plastic
surgery by this point I've had
liposuction I had a nose job I had
what's called a mini facelift
I got porcelain veneers I had two hair
grafts you know this isn't my real hair
really yeah it's from the back my head
um it's my hair I paid for it
you know did
all this because I did not want to go to
prison okay so you wanted to alter your
yeah looked on purpose to avoid being
caught yeah absolutely right okay not
sure what else I would like I don't know
I don't know if you ain't youve an it
maybe yeah there's definitely vanity too
I mean I yeah absolutely
I mean I'm straight narcissist right you
know there was there was room for
improvement right so if I could have
made myself taller without right you
would have paid you right and you can
but can you really oh yeah you can get
it there's like two different ways one
they extend your legs they actually
break your legs and then they have a
thing where they actually extend the
bone and the bone grows together so it's
a slow process yeah shit so the other
one is they take like a piece of coral
and they actually cut it and they slip
the coral in either way you're immobile
for several months yeah okay my problem
was that Becky was you actually look
into doing that yeah really
Becky what listen I'm all in yeah yeah
if I'm doing something I'm all in so
Becky was a lunatic she's bipolar she
wouldn't take her her what was the
medication they wanted her to take like
she'd take it for like a month get
better and then she'd get off of it and
then she be like a lunatic she'd had the
police called on me twice like woke me
up in the middle like screaming and the
police come and I laughed and the cops
show up and I'm not there and they're
like look if somebody was if two people
are here someone's got to go to jail
right so I'm like this she's gonna get
me arrested it's happened twice so I I
can't have her watch me yeah for three
months while I'm laying in bed in Mobile
that's insane
who knows what she'd do to me oh yeah
that ain't gonna work so at this point
we don't were not even together anymore
I got in her we both have two separate
apartments in in Charlotte she lives in
a condo and I live in another condo both
in downtown Charlotte so I'm terrified
of her mm-hmm she's got all the money
because she's afraid I'm gonna leave her
which I would have yeah I mean there was
multiple times I tried to leave she'd
call me up and beg and plead come back
come back come back please I'm sorry I
messed up I messed up I'll take the
medication I'm gonna I'm gonna be better
I'm sorry I love you please don't do
this
I
do this without you Bella okay fine I'll
turn around I come back so at this point
she's now I go in there I'm in the
police station she's not she's telling
me she's not gonna pick me up if I get
arrested the detective goes and talks to
the lieutenant he comes back what about
your poster on the wall it was on the
wall but it's among a bunch of oh yeah
literally kept Majan this as I look over
and I see it he walks up behind me no
fun puts his hand on my shoulder you
ready to go I'm like oh my god so ready
to go so we walk off we get in the
elevator we get downtown
I don't know if you've ever been a
police station but you know like I
couldn't have left like they to get they
have like a code in the elevator to get
down to get up I mean there's all these
doors you're not leaning and I'm not
getting in and you're not leaving so I'm
just I'm done they were behind me they
escorted me there I mean they gotta let
you out right a lot of people are like
why didn't you just take off it and what
they're behind me I'm not you know I'm
not a racecar driver yeah I can't outrun
the police I can't outrun you know the
radio or the helicopter that I'm this I
have to go to the house right and then
they're like well when he walked off why
didn't you leave it's a dungeon here I
can't get out I'm not an escape artist
so he walks me out and he lets me leave
I get in the car I go to leave I pick up
the phone she's been calling right pick
up the phone and she's first thing she
says is oh I go I pick up the phone I
don't listen
la you know you start shit we're aiming
at her she's like I was on my way I'm
putting everything in the car right now
coming to get to you I'm like yeah so
anyway I remember she's like okay okay
you're going crate get on the interstate
guys I said no no I'm gonna go to a
couple more banks what straight from the
police station straight for the police
station I go to two more banks that get
out more money the Third Bank how much
money
not much nine thousand okay you know
eight thousand here next one I walk into
I see the person that's fine and they
look at me they like immediately go for
the phone and I realize okay no I turn
around I get in my car I leave one of
the girls runs out and watches my car as
I leave just like right now in the tag
no something was so there was more to it
than I did huh yeah I don't know so I
leave go back to Charlotte
I kept all my stuff in a u-haul ban
leave my car in the parking garage and I
drive all the way to Houston I get to
Houston Becky and I get into this
massive fight argument say an argument
mm-hmm and it started because uh I said
look I mean I got there I was like you
know we I said look I I said I need to
check out some real estate figure out
where I'm gonna live like oh you can't
stand the idea of living with me can you
you can't stay with me for a few weeks
she's screaming and hollering then I
this is in the car I remember getting
the elevator we're going up there's some
some girl in the elevator that was like
amazing you know you ever been with your
girlfriend and you're like you see some
chick and you're like oh god - look away
look Becky staring at me here you know
you can feel it yeah she's hearing the
girls over here and I'm just like she's
already borderline insane right it's
just gonna snap right the elevator door
opens I walk out I remember she is yeah
you know you know the girls like so we
go in we get into this huge argument in
in her apartment and I say look I'm just
I'm done I'm leaving and I said we're
splitting up the money and she was we're
not splitting the money she's not
keeping the money I don't know what it
was six or seven hundred thousand
dollars and she's like what keep I'm
keeping the money and I went no no no
we're splitting it I'm leaving and I
remember she said no she goes no no she
said you can go somewhere else and
commit another do another con mm-hmm I'm
stuck I can't do what you're doing
and so I went okay well what do you
think's fair and she I think ten
thousand dollars is fair I can't get an
apartment I can't do all the things I
need to do dude what am I gonna do I'm
gonna go to the job what am I gonna do
I'm gonna bus tables come on I owe let's
be reasonable
so we start arguing back and forth back
and forth finally she says $100,000 so I
go okay count out a hundred thousand she
gives me a hundred thousand and I leave
and in the American greed episode they
that she like went in the shower right
and I have your phone on the bed or some
right I didn't know yeah they say you
left I left my phone because every time
I tried to leave her before she would
call me and I guilt me into coming back
and this time I remember thinking no no
she can't get me now I'm done
it's over could take the hundred
thousand I leave and the only reason
that was because she was saying she's
not gonna pick me up yeah
so you weren't gonna pick me up we're
done yeah you already know you can't
trust
I can't ya can't count me yeah so we're
done so I leave how much money you leave
her with probably five six hundred
thousand dollars she brought so so she's
good
yeah she's straight she wouldn't got a
job or did whatever she could be okay
for what she could buy a house she gets
lonely so anyway we leave or I leave I
get my car I Drive and on my way
this was another huge mistake of mine on
my way I stopped into like better drive
through like Baton Rouge or something
and I get a tracfone and I call home I
call a few people and I'd everyone so I
would do that when I was somewhere else
I'd call just to check out my mom my dad
you know so I call and I call a friend
of mine and she says look call the FBI
agent see if you can turn yourself in
and at this point I'm pretty strong on
pretty exhausted I've had a bad couple
days so I'm I'm thinking okay so I call
the FBI agent name was a Candace called
Ron mm-hmm Candace is like a
law-enforcement zealot and really really
did not like me just despised me I don't
know why everybody else was very
pleasant so very professional Candice
was just vicious to me and so I remember
I called her and I said hey my name's
Matt Cox I understand I understand you
wanted me to call you and she's like oh
my god yeah mr. Cox we've been looking
for you I says yeah I understand that
she said yeah I need you to turn
yourself in I said no I'm not gonna do
that and she said well let's talk about
this mm-hmm and she said we I go well
what am I gonna get how much time and
she said well I mean that's not really
how it works you turn yourself
then we determine we take that into
consideration I said yeah I'm not yeah
right I'm not doing that and she goes
well I could talk to us attorney and see
if he can recommend something and okay
so she so she's like you do understand
we're gonna catch you no I'm not sure
how well she was well I mean let's face
it she's eventually you'll get pulled
over by the police I said I've been
pulled over by the police she was well
I'm you'll go to get a ticket you'll try
and hand him a driver's license I said
I've handed him driver's license as a
matter of fact I've gotten like four
tickets in different people's names I
actually went to traffic school as
another guy recently I got like three
tickets in his name he's gonna lose his
license I had a car in his name I had to
go Jesus so plus it was eight hours I
didn't have to spend with Becky right so
yeah so I you know I sorry I'm telling
her this and I'm and she's like you know
oh you know you're so cocky
she said you think you're not gonna get
away you know eventually you'll get
caught you'll get you'll you'll she said
you'll go home to see somebody somebody
will recognize you you'll get pulled
over
you'll somebody something will happen I
said listen nobody's gonna recognize me
he said I've had multiple plastic
surgeries I mean you know and if you
actually look at the pictures I mean I
mean I look vastly different mm-hmm they
actually anyway it's another story yeah
point is is that like look nobody's
gonna recognize me
I got multiple driver's licenses I've
got passports in other people's name
I've been in and out of the country I
said there's nobody in Tampa that I want
to see so unless we work something out
you're never gonna have this
conversation with me impertinent in
person and so she says okay she calms
down and well I remember she said uh
what'd she say she kept calling me
sweetie
listen sweetie listen sweetie and she
goes I remember she said you don't
realize how close we are to catching you
she's we're 90% sure of where you're at
I go yeah well only a hundred percent
counts sweetie
and she was just like I was just oh she
hated me I was calling she was you know
and I shouldn't have been like I
shouldn't have you know just gotten down
there and started being snide back it
was she was so arrogant right you know
and arrogant people hate arrogant people
I can't you know so I really hurt her
condescension was just like
oh so we go back and forth back and
forth by the way when I was eventually
sentenced this is brought up in front of
the judge and instead of me calling to
turn myself in and try and figure out
how to turn myself in and get a try and
work out a deal it turned into mr. Cox
constantly called the FBI and Moxa's
talking about I called a couple times so
anyway I hang up the phone it was she
says she goes okay I'll call you back I
will wait a minute I'll call you back
she was just leave your phone on I go no
I said cuz imma shut my phone off she
goes just leave your phone on I went I
said now you're probably tracking this
phone right now you're trying to
triangulate her or something and she
goes she just Oh get over yourself she's
you're not that important and I remember
thinking yeah she's right nobody they're
not trying to track the phone it's just
stupid
come to find out when I later order the
Freedom of Information Act they were
tracking the phone out of Baton Rouge
and they'd actually sent two US Marshals
to the to the 7-eleven where I'd bought
the phone where I was sitting talking to
her on the phone so it just so happens
that I hung up the phone and I turned it
off until her I call back in a couple
hours and I got up and I got my vehicle
and started driving so I was driving
when I called her back a few hours later
and I called and she said look we talked
to Robert miles a Kowski which is the US
attorney here in Florida in Tampa she's
I can get you seven years seven years
and I thought that's seven years and she
doesn't even know about the other side I
already told her look there's other
stuff you don't know about she's yeah
but if you come in first and you tell us
about it we don't charge you we'll take
it into consideration so I thought if I
tell her about the money and this and
that I might be okay mm-hmm
anyway uh I was like I'm not too in
seven years and she says look we can
maybe work something out like okay well
what about in Atlanta what about for
Atlanta and she's like well you need to
turn yourself in to Tampa so we start
going back and forth back and forth and
eventually I go what about the Secret
Service it she's like look you know
yourself into the FBI in Tampa just come
back to Tampa I want we yeah but I'm
closer to Atlanta maybe I should just
turn myself in Atlanta and eventually it
comes out that I'm like look I've
mentioned Atlanta several times you
won't even address it
did you talk to the US attorney in
Atlanta and she does finally she says no
I didn't talk to US attorney in Atlanta
I could only speak for Tampa I go so the
seven years is only for Tampa and she is
right yes I say oh yeah we're done I I
wouldn't believe you if you told me
water was wet it's over and I just
chucked the phone out out the window
right kept on going I go all the way
back I have to stay at a hotel whatever
I end up going back to Charlotte to get
my car I don't have a vehicle I have I'm
driving a Ryder truck Wow so I dropped
the Ryder truck we'd emptied it by the
way we emptied it no now now Becky has
all my furniture she's got like $50,000
with the furniture and all the money
yeah so I've got like my clothes and a
hundred grand which is not a bad start I
didn't know you know and I have a
certain skill set she'll definitely be
but I have no my ID he's like I have an
idea that's questionable because she
knows for all I know she's calling up
saying hey this guy is traveling on this
I don't know hmm so I can't everything's
tainted so I go back to Charlotte I drop
off the Ryder truck I take a taxi back
to the apartment where my car's parked
and I remember thinking I'd gotten
several cell phones on my cell phone
from the detective to the to Michael
Eckert
so he'd put together that Gary Sullivan
and Michael Eckert were the same person
so I know they've probably tracked me
back to Charlotte so I go there I see my
car I look around and I remember
thinking if the car is okay they haven't
been here they're not here so I get the
car I Drive down the parking garage I
pull out I go across the street across
the street from the apartment complex
from the condo whatever place that I'm
staying in downtown Charlotte I go to
Starbucks I need a Starbucks mm-hmm pull
my car up to Starbucks I've got a
Infiniti the sports car the two-door
sports car Infiniti you know G something
so the brand new so I pull up I get out
I go into the Starbucks I'm standing
there I'm waiting and I see two people
from the from the leasing office and
they're giving me weird looks and it was
like the sixth fifth or sixth and I
remember thinking my rents due on the
first but I hadn't paid it because I'm
leaving
and I'm looking at him they're really
like they're whispering to each other
there's something going on there's a
real issue between the two of them but
I'm not thinking anything I just picked
up my car if they were if anybody
tracked me back here I'm good so I
missed them so finally one of the people
leaves the woman the female leasing
agent walks out the back they call this
guy's order he gets the order he's got
in his little styrofoam tray I get my
order I walk outside he follows me I get
in my car what I didn't know at the time
was that the the female leasing agent
had gone across the street and gotten
the u.s. marshals who were currently
interviewing people at the apartment
complex they are now running back to the
Starbucks so I get in my car and when I
get my car the guy is sitting there and
he starts screaming he's right here he's
right here and I look in the rearview
mirror and the marshals are running by
our foot on foot running I had already
started the car so I just hit the gas
and I just drive off and they're staying
in the middle of street and they call I
actually have a Freedom of Information
Act that says that they had called and
put on a bolo for from you know for
what's a veil in your car be on the
lookout for okay and the name of the tag
number of the vehicle yeah so I went
straight to a homeless facility not even
half a mile away I pull over I've no I'm
terrified but I had got to get some IDs
and I saw a few guys standing outside so
I get out of the car I walk straight
over listen it's not easy to find like a
35 year old 36 year old white guy who's
homeless yeah if he's african-american
fine they're everywhere if I was 50 50
year old white guy 6 year old white guy
you could find him but we're talking
about a 35 year old guy so I see these
three guys I'm like oh my gosh I gotta
pull over assume pull over walk out hey
my name is John I'm Salvation Army I'm
doing a survey I take a survey I end up
getting several IDs like Gary I think
Walter Holcomb one of them was a guy
named come on Joseph Marion Carter jr.
and I went by
Carter I don't want to go by Joseph I
didn't Joe I want to be a Joe I'm not a
Joe
it's Joseph kind of guy that's kind of a
tough guy right he could you know you
could puke in his car he's cool with you
I'm saying I'm not Joe
I'm not Joe Carter I don't want to be I
don't want to be Marion I mean I picked
on I can't I don't be a junior so I go
up with Carter so I go with Carter I
immediately drive to Nashville walk into
Nashua go to Nashville go to Green Hills
happen to see a guy III go immediately
get a cell phone and I get a a business
card made for manufactured funding group
which is who I said I work for
drive-through green hills see a guy
putting a sign in the front yard of a
house which is actually a duplex Green
Hills is a really nice area in Nashville
see him I get out I walk over and I say
hey I'm new to the area I'm looking for
a place to stay and he was okay and I
walk in the place I come back and he
said it's great I say hey here's my
business card
I don't really have a reference right
now is there any way and give you double
this secure deposit
I don't really have any credit I don't
have any idea what this guy Carter's got
on I mean I got I still I still have to
go get a kids Social Security number
issued so he said so the guy looks at me
looked at me goes you look like an
honest guy yeah and I remember thinking
you dumb motherfucker I am gonna do well
here so he said give me a first month
security sign this no problem by the end
of the day I got my electric water bike
the next day they turned the electric
water on I'm good I've ordered furniture
I then drive I I then within a week I
I've got a driver's license I ordered
all of Carter's information I get all
the information I get a driver's license
I Drive the car back to Charlotte I
leave it in long-term that same car same
car all the way not worried about
getting pulled over in their car
terrified why don't you get rid of I
don't want them to find it in Nashville
okay so I Drive it all the way back park
long-term getting get on a plane fly
back
go immediately buy a new car no credit
convince him to give me a new car
20% down get a new car go back driver's
license passport completely set up
within a month or two I'm buying houses
again Danny all over again
I borrowed three point five million in
in Nashville Wow
I meet this girl named Amanda she's
amazing
and Hold'em and anyway um yes she was
like 25 at this point I'm 26 no she's 24
I'm 26
no I'm sorry what am I saying she's 24 I
was 36 okay
I turned 37 we dated for about a year
we you know we traveled all over the
place and - gosh we went to Italy we
went to Croatia you're doing it all over
again you're making money year yeah I
have to have out like a hundred thousand
dollars I'm broke so okay so I pull out
a bunch more money yeah I mean Amanda
land is amazing and we're doing great
and I remember we went to Venice and it
been about a year and by this point
things are it's it's by this point
Becky's been arrested oh shit
Becky is a gangster by the way no it's
just about that Becky Becky gets grabbed
what happens with Becky is she ends up
confiding in a family member where she's
the general vicinity of what she's at
and that she's currently in beauty
school so her family member turned calls
The Secret Service says she's in a
beauty school in this city they think
she's wanted to yes still yeah but her
family member you know she's it wasn't
like she was malicious she just you know
wanted her back yeah so they come in
guns drawn the whole thing on on her get
on the ground
the Secret Service agent told me the
whole time when they from moment they
handcuffed her to the moment they
all the way back she bitched and moaned
the whole time saying I don't my name is
Rebecca sue Hickey I don't know who
Rebecca Houck is you guys made a mistake
you're gonna lose your job you've
embarrassed me I'm gonna sue you I'm
gonna I just played that card hold on
Rheem in the hall I said all the way up
to the point when they put her hand down
on like the scanner and they got and she
is okay all right I'm Rebecca Howe what
do you want to know holy shit and he was
like it was like an hour Stacey said I
mean she was there like it's you we know
what did she tell him once she got
caught the first thing they said is
where's Matt Coxon's right I have no
clue he left me like a year ago and so
they're like damn she didn't know where
I am
yeah so at this point I'm uh you know
borrowing money at this point what's
happened is Amanda and I are one day
sitting in the dentist's office and she
picks up a a Bloomberg Businessweek and
keep in mind the st. Petersburg Times
which is not the Tampa Bay Times guy
there's a guy like Testament Jeff test
okay yeah they did 30 roughly 35
articles on me Tampa Tribune did
articles the was the Chicago Tribune did
them they did a whole series called the
fugitive the Atlanta
journal-constitution
the I mean it just it just goes you know
so it's it's everywhere at this point
Dateline is putting together a see a
segment I was in Fortune magazine did a
whole segment on Becky and her take of
the whole womanizer manipulator you know
that whole thing the the forcing boob
jobs forcing her to leave her son you
know just are you serious
so you know a bad guy you know so anyway
it's a so I'm with Amanda and we adjourn
we were going through the Mediterranean
we were on took a cruise so it sounds
rough doesn't it sounds like a lot of
rough life I
member looking over at Amanda might at
this point she's like 25 I'm like 30 she
knows what you're doing all your whole
deal
she knows yeah and I look over at her
she's 25 bathing suit
we're honor on a European cruise ship
going through the Mediterranean you're
living the good and I'm like it wasn't
by the way it wasn't worth the prison
term but I remember thinking this is one
of those moments yeah this is amazing
people are calling me you know mr.
Carter yeah I'm walking through passport
powder roses yeah I'm walking well I'm
walking through passport control
boom hi mr. Carter are you giving him a
passport I mean it's it's like James
Bond you feel like James Bond when you
walk in so to me when you walk into Bank
of America and you give them a bunch of
false documents and they're calling you
mr. black yeah and they give you a check
for 250,000 and then thank you for
ripping them off yeah you walk out like
this is this is better than the money
yeah forget some mother thrill right
living in a movie yeah it's ridiculous
it really is and you know right up until
that sentencing yeah so anyway what
happens is Amanda and I start seeing a
girl Amanda lives with me yeah we start
seeing a girl I dated this girl like one
time and Amanda you know you're you're
you're with a girl and you know
eventually they start saying you ever
been interested with being with two
women and I'm like of course like you
know oh yeah I'm like no I would never
do that I you know have you ever done
that I'm like yes once it's Bob bumpy
and awkward it's just it's just it's not
my thing and and she's like really I'm
like yeah she's like you what would you
be interested I'm like absolutely of
course you know I was like actually I
said no no baby but I'll do it for you
out of love for you yeah I'm not
interested
yeah but I'll do it for you so anyway we
start seeing this girl hmm she comes
over every once a while and what ends up
happening is Amanda finds out that date
lines coming out
Dateline's going to do a one-hour
special and now I realize I just can't
stay here anymore
you know I like the United States I
didn't really want to leave the United
States because I know I knew how to
basically I knew how to run a scam in
the United States I don't really know
what it's gonna be like in another
country but I know I can't stay here so
we've got a few million we've got it
unfortunately have a million or so at
least in real estate so the money's all
over the place but we got some money so
we decide look we're gonna get a couple
two three million dollars out and then
I'll take off I've got a month or so
I've got the real estate I satisfy all
all the loans on everything I have we
start I start borrowing we start having
people cash get cash for us one of the
things was this a girl she ends up
getting it Amanda ends up asking her to
cash them checks I don't know that
that's what sparked the conversation but
somehow or another
Amanda ends up telling her why she's
like you understand he's leaving he's
going to Australia we'd already research
done the research on Australia you can
become a at that time you could become a
permanent resident alien you didn't have
to actually get fingerprints or anything
you could go there you get a driver's
license you get a but you get a lot even
though you can't work there but you can
open a business so you have to like show
up with like two hundred thousand
dollars well they're showing up with
millions yeah so I'm good so we decide
I'm gonna go Amanda's gonna come with me
and while we're pulling out the cash it
ends up that this girl contacts the
Secret Service and negotiates a reward
for turning me know and she turns me in
and one day I'm coming back to the
apartment
we'd had a robbery like a home invasion
come on - beforehand so I pull up I get
out of the car about the same time I'm
on the phone with Amanda Amanda tells me
oh my god I think something went wrong
and I'm like what do you mean she says I
just got a phone call from this other
girl her name was Trina from Trina and
she's asking me where I am she's asking
me a bunch of questions she asked if I
was at the office like didn't want her
to go
to the house right and she is I think
she may have done something I might done
what she doesn't know anything and then
a man was like I think I fucked up and
so I'm like you what do you mean I'm
getting out of the car and everything
and you know realizing she's not really
telling me but I'm realizing something's
wrong and that's the Secret Service show
up and get on the ground get on the
ground and I just remember blanking out
like I didn't get on the ground I'm just
like just there you just weren't
expecting it then but you knew that was
it you know it was the end oh yeah well
you know then I lay down they like he
was get on the ground the guy gets all
the way up to me with the gun he's like
and that's the like there's so many
people yelling I just kind of like blank
I remember he goes he comes right up to
me he goes get on the ground I was like
oh so I get on the ground
they cuffed me picked me up they hold up
the poster and they're like that him
he's like it's not him he's like no it's
him it's him it's him so they kind of go
okay it was yeah definitely him it's
definitely him so he's like hey mr. Cox
he said we've been looking for you you
are Matt Cox right and I went yeah
unlike Becky who went gangsters all the
way yeah okay so yeah so uh Wow
they drive me back and I eventually I
end up I end up doing Dateline I because
when I got caught the government asked
me to be interviewed by Dateline real I
was interviewed by Dateline and you know
they started off saying I stolen 26
million and we argued for a while till I
got him down well and then eventually
the PSI which is your pre-sentence
report that they said that there was 9.5
million in loss
I ordered about that I got it down to
six million and I ended up getting
sentencing I was sentenced I thought I
was gonna get 12 years and instead I
took a plea for that or I took a what's
called an open plea which means you get
whatever the psi says well my lawyer
looked at the psi and she said well we
can figure it out you did this this this
this this she's like you're in between
12 to 14 years okay I understand so we
go in thinking 12 to 14 years plus I'd
done the interview for Dateline
which they said they were going to
consider substantial assistance and they
were going to reduce my sentence they
were gonna put in something called a 5k
one to reduce your sentence based on
this interview they asked me to do
technically a 5k one is for cooperation
against your co-defendants I don't have
any coda that right yeah Becky's been
caught everybody else in Tampa has
either cooperated and been sentenced or
was not subject to be indicted or they
were going to indict them but but it
been so long it hadn't happened so I
just did the interview you know not that
not that I wouldn't have cooperated and
didn't fully intend to cooperate I'm
ready to cut anybody's head off to get
out of this yeah I'm no I'm no gangster
I mean you got these guys that are like
I'm gonna do the time I did okay will
you do that bro but I'm not interested
in having my son call another guy dad or
have my mother visit me in prison for
the next ten years because I want to act
like I'm some kind of tough guy I filled
out paperwork yeah you know that's the
extent of my car I filled out some
paperwork I borrowed some money there's
no guns I'm not there looking into a
shootout but there's just nobody it's
not possible so I do the interview and
they said they'd reduce my sentence for
it while I get in there I'm thinking 12
years
I got a psi it says 26 and then the
night before my lawyer is like yeah but
this doesn't apply this and then ply
don't worry we're gonna talk to them fry
the judge we're gonna get that knocked
off she seemed very confident mm-hmm and
plus you're gonna get your sentence
reduced well the night before the US
Attorney says yeah I'm not gonna reduce
the sentence it's not enough so I go
into sentencing and my lawyer argues in
front of the judge and judge just says
no I disagree I disagree with every
enhancement I disagree I think that
applies I disagree I think that applies
I disagree I think that applies so every
time he says I disagree that 12 years
keeps going on you know Wow 26 he
sentence me to 26 like at 26 years and
where is this in Florida and this was in
Atlanta all of my faces were
consolidated like in Atlanta Tennessee
Atlanta South Carolina Tampa rockin
solid
there holy shit dude 26 year it was a
bad day
yeah I was bad and you know what does
that day like after us and it's for 26 I
mean talk about like if I really try to
talk your way out of it still somehow or
what after yeah after all it it's you
I'm done yeah well you know you you
always hold out hope you know doesn't
like you know you can't psychologically
I couldn't sit down and say oh I'm just
gonna do the time yeah ii-i've got you
know I'm look you know it doesn't sound
good
I'm a schemer mm-hmm I'm always looking
for an angle yeah I'm always trying to
figure out how to get around something
through something over something you
know I'm trying to figure out something
so I'm trying to figure out how do I get
out of this yeah but that day when you
get 26 years and you're walking down you
know that hallway I mean where you're
trying to just digest all that it's a
bad day yeah I mean talking about just
being just fundamentally just fractured
to the core I mean I tell you right now
I've never you know and based on like
might me talking about it you know you
wouldn't you wouldn't you know it's a
lot of laughing and joking and you know
and I'm very proud of ya and good
stories you know and and it's it's the
narcissist in me yeah that you know
finds it comical and funny and I it's
very surface you know I don't like I
said
I don't really think about the fact that
the Browns had to go through hell trying
to fix the house I told myself they're
just gonna fill out some paperwork gonna
be fine you know I don't think I don't
really focus on those things i
compartmentalize them but you know that
day I mean just just fractured my psyche
to the point where if I even think about
it or focus on it at all I mean just I'm
just like an emotional mess well and
going you know doing all of those things
going to prison and then I was sent to a
medium because I had so much time well
there's super maxes which is like we're
terrorists go nobody
there so there's pins and the pin at
Coleman they have to Penitentiary's and
then they have a medium security
prison-- and they have a low security
prison and they have a camp it's a
woman's camp though yeah so I went to
the medium because I had so much time
and I mean it was nonviolent but the
medium no no I mean I mean your crime
wasn't right I was gonna say this is the
first day when I show up yeah what's it
like I get there and as soon as I get
there I get my room like I meet my
cellie
and I would say selling people here that
they think it's but that's what you're
you're the guy so minute your cellmate
yeah your cellie
so I meet my cellie Mexican guy hey man
what's going on oh yeah okay so I meet
him and I'm walking downstairs and I
remember Olson they start screaming
lockdown lockdown lockdown and my cellie
runs up to me and he says hey he said
cellie telling you got to go in the cell
now we got to go in the cell I'm like
okay what's going on and I we walk into
the cell when we go in the cell Mike
what'd happen when it be Oh someone got
stabbed on the yard
I went someone got stabbed and that he's
in the in the recreation yard somebody
got stabbed like oh my god someone died
no no I just got stabbed up a little bit
you can understand the different the
world you're in you're like you know
it's just a complete contradict I'm like
that's where you are now
yeah you don't tell one oh this is day
one listen I'm a I'm a said I sit at it
I'm sitting at it you know you go into
the cafeteria and you sit down and guys
I go use your scooter yeah all right
that's if they talk at all most of us
don't even really talk they're just you
got got I complain I got no just about
26 years and the one guys like yeah I
got thirty for selling you know a little
bit of crack the other two guys are
leaving in a pine box they're like yeah
life life so I can't even bitch about
micron about my time because this guy
got thirty for selling for bringing a
gun to a ten dollar crack deal and gets
thirty years these two guys are never
leaving alive and
so how do you even how do you even
complain after that Wow so yeah it's so
even three years before this little oh
look at King for so long made so much
money you let you've traveled the world
and and the Natalie and all of that you
get 26 years compared to a guy who just
bought some dope well at the wrong place
at the wrong time and he got more time
than you that's crazy
Yanko yeah well what's not sure what's
crazy is that I remember watching TV and
we watched we were watching the news one
day I'm sitting there watch and this guy
had drowned his like 11 year old niece
he was babysitting her and he drowned
her on purpose and he pled guilty to 13
years and I remember thinking he got
half my sentence for drug killed
somebody
oh yeah she was playing in a pool and
she'd splashed him and he told her stop
and he got pissed and he drowned her and
I remember just thinking wow so you know
you can debate the amount of time you
know it's all relative some people would
say it wasn't enough some people say it
was too much mm-hmm I feel like it was
too much but then somebody's asking my
opinion so yeah it was it's a it was bad
day we get about two and a half hours
are you serious yeah that's a good place
to end it this morning we got a trip 30
minutes off of that no yeah that's good
[Music]